, %s3 (%s4:%s5:%s6) 
%s1 %s2, %s3 (%s4:%s5:%s6) GMT 
Unknown 
%s1d %s2:%s3:%s4 
%s1:%s2:%s3 
%s1:%s2 
%s1d %s2h %s3m %s4s 
%s1d %s2h %s3m 
%s1h %s2m %s3s 
%s1h %s2m 
%s1m %s2s 
%s1m 
%s1s 
days 
hours 
minutes 
seconds 
day 
hour 
minute 
second 
- 
+ 
, 
. 
Inf 
th 
st 
nd 
rd 
st 
nd 
rd 
st 
nd 
rd 
st 
nd 
rd 
st 
nd 
rd 
st 
nd 
rd 
st 
nd 
rd 
st 
nd 
rd 
st 
nd 
rd 
Dire's pick. 
Radiant's pick. 
Your pick. 
Your pick. Take your time. 
Your pick. No pressure. 
Your pick. Try not to embarrass yourself. 
Their pick. 
Dire's ban. 
Dire team ban. 
Radiant's ban. 
Radiant team ban. 
Their ban. 
Now they get to ban. 
Your turn to ban. 
Your favorite part: banning. 
Choose your hero. 
Time to select from all these... things. 
Dire's team is ready. 
Radiant's team is ready. 
The enemy team is ready. 
Your team is ready. 
To die, probably. 
For disappointment. 
Your poorly chosen, hopelessly outmatched team. 
Some... Interesting choices there. 
Hmm, well, good luck. 
Ten seconds to go. 
Five seconds. 
Extra time. 
You're using extra time. 
Reserve time. 
You're using reserve time. 
I'd get ready if I were you. 
Ready? Well if you say so. 
Your funeral. 
This should be interesting. 
Well, hope you like bloodbaths. 
It's almost time for everybody to die. 
Last chance to run. 
Well, if you're ready--you're not, by the way--let's get started. 
Thirty seconds to battle. 
Battle will commence in thirty seconds. 
Ten seconds to battle. 
Battle is imminent. 
Battle starts in 3, 2, 1. 
Battle begins. 
It begins. 
Let's begin. 
Let's get this farce over with. 
I've calculated who will win to a 99.93% certainty, if you're interested. 
Dire's ancient is under attack. 
Dire's ancient is being attacked. 
Radiant's ancient is under attack. 
Radiant's ancient is being attacked. 
Your ancient is under attack. 
Isn't that your ancient under attack? 
I think your ancient's under attack. 
By the way, your ancient is under attack. 
Your ancient's under attack. 
Remember that pristine, unattacked ancient you used to have? 
Your ancient is doing... really great. 
Your ancient's getting destroyed. 
I'm sure you've noticed already, but your ancient's under attack. 
If that's what they're calling attacks now. 
Not well, mind you. But it's technically attacking. 
Let's not tell them. It'll be a surprise. 
Well, that's a stroke of luck, and not skill. 
Dire's bottom tower is under attack. 
Dire's bottom tower is under siege. 
Dire's bottom tower is being attacked. 
Dire's middle tower is under attack. 
Dire's middle tower is under siege. 
Dire's middle tower is being attacked. 
Dire's top tower is under attack. 
Dire's top tower is under siege. 
Dire's top tower is being attacked. 
Radiant's bottom tower is being attacked. 
Radiant's bottom tower is under siege. 
Radiant's middle tower is under attack. 
Radiant's middle tower is under siege. 
Radiant's middle tower is being attacked. 
Radiant's top tower is under attack. 
Radiant's top tower is under siege. 
Radiant's top tower is being attacked. 
Your bottom tower is under attack. 
Your bottom tower is under siege. 
Your bottom tower is being attacked. 
Your bottom tower looks fantastic, by the way. Very fire-covered. 
Your middle tower is under attack. 
Your middle tower is under siege. 
Your middle tower is being attacked. 
I hope you weren't close with your middle tower. 
Your top tower is under attack. 
Your top tower is being attacked. 
Your top tower is under siege. 
Your top tower is, well let's be honest, doomed. 
Dire's bottom tower has fallen. 
Dire's bottom tower has been destroyed. 
Dire's middle tower has fallen. 
Dire's middle tower has been destroyed. 
Dire's top tower has fallen. 
Dire's top tower has been destroyed. 
Radiant's bottom tower has fallen. 
Radiant's bottom tower has been destroyed. 
Radiant's middle tower has fallen. 
Radiant's middle tower has been destroyed. 
Radiant's top tower has fallen. 
Radiant's top tower has been destroyed. 
The enemy's bottom tower has fallen. 
The enemy's bottom tower has been destroyed. 
The enemy's middle tower has fallen. 
The enemy's middle tower has been destroyed. 
The enemy's top tower has fallen. 
The enemy's top tower has been destroyed. 
Your bottom tower has fallen. 
Your bottom tower has been destroyed. 
Your middle tower has fallen. 
Your middle tower has been destroyed. 
Your top tower has fallen. 
Your top tower has been destroyed. 
Dire's bottom tower has been denied. 
Dire's middle tower has been denied. 
Dire's top tower has been denied. 
Radiant's bottom tower has been denied. 
Radiant's middle tower has been denied. 
Radiant's top tower has been denied. 
The enemy's bottom tower has been denied. 
The enemy's middle tower has been denied. 
The enemy's top tower has been denied. 
Your bottom tower has been denied. 
Your middle tower has been denied. 
Your top tower has been denied. 
Dire's bottom barracks is under attack. 
Dire's bottom barracks is being attacked. 
Dire's middle barracks is under attack. 
Dire's middle barracks is being attacked. 
Dire's top barracks is under attack. 
Dire's top barracks is being attacked. 
Radiant's bottom barracks is under attack. 
Radiant's bottom barracks is being attacked. 
Radiant's middle barracks is under attack. 
Radiant's middle barracks is being attacked. 
Radiant's top barracks is under attack. 
Radiant's top barracks is being attacked. 
Your bottom barracks is under attack. 
Your bottom barracks is being attacked. 
Your middle barracks is under attack. 
Your middle barracks is being attacked. 
Your top barracks is under attack. 
Your top barracks is being attacked. 
Dire's bottom barracks has fallen. 
Dire's bottom barracks has been destroyed. 
Dire's middle barracks has fallen. 
Dire's middle barracks has been destroyed. 
Dire's top barracks has fallen. 
Dire's top barracks has been destroyed. 
Radiant's bottom barracks has fallen. 
Radiant's bottom barracks has been destroyed. 
Radiant's middle barracks has fallen. 
Radiant's middle barracks has been destroyed. 
Radiant's top barracks has fallen. 
Radiant's top barracks has been destroyed. 
The enemy's bottom barracks has fallen. 
The enemy's bottom barracks has been destroyed. 
The enemy's middle barracks has fallen. 
The enemy's middle barracks has been destroyed. 
The enemy's top barracks has fallen. 
The enemy's top barracks has been destroyed. 
Your bottom barracks has fallen. 
Your bottom barracks has been destroyed. 
Your middle barracks has fallen. 
Your middle barracks has been destroyed. 
Your top barracks has fallen. 
Your top barracks has been destroyed. 
Dire's structures have been fortified. 
Dire has fortified its structures. 
Radiant structures have been fortified. 
Radiant has fortified its structures. 
Roshan has fallen to the Dire. 
Roshan has been killed by the Dire. 
Roshan--bestselling novelist, avid fly fisherman, proud father of three--has just been murdered by the Dire. I hope they're proud of themselves. 
Roshan, who was just minding his own business, has been callously murdered by the Dire. 
Roshan has fallen to the Radiant. 
Roshan has been murdered by the Radiant. I guess we know who the real monster was all along. 
Roshan has been killed by the Radiant. 
Roshan has been callously butchered by the Radiant. I'll put in a request to notify his children that they're orphans now. 
The Radiant continues to murder poor, innocent Roshan. 
The Dire's bloodlust for Roshan is insatiable. 
Dire's courier has fallen. 
Dire's courier has been callously murdered. 
Radiant's courier has fallen. 
Radiant's courier has been callously murdered. 
Dire has spawned megacreeps. 
Radiant has spawned megacreeps. 
Your enemy has spawned megacreeps. 
You have spawned megacreeps. 
You lost. 
You won. 
Dire victory. 
Victory for Dire. 
Victory goes to Dire. 
Dire did not lose as badly as Radiant, and is technically the winner. 
Radiant victory. 
Victory for Radiant. 
Victory goes to Radiant. 
Radiant performed marginally less poorly than Dire and is, I suppose, the winner. 
Wait until your loved ones hear about this. This should make them proud. Or bored. One of those. 
Well, really there should be an entirely new word for whatever it was you just stumbled and pinwheeled your arms through. But I guess for now let's call it winning. 
All your little goblins destroyed a magic whatever-it-was in the middle of a forest. That's quite a skill you have. If I were you I'd wait by the mailbox for my big check. 
I was going to say it's not that big a deal, but then I looked at your file and saw the list of your other accomplishements. The space on the form where they should have been, I mean. 
Congratulations. You solved Dota. You are the best hero. Turn of your computer now. 
Welcome to Dota. 
Well, look who's come crawling back. 
Oh, it's you. 
This is Dota. 
Oh good, you're back. 
Welcome to Ota. The D is silent. 
Hello. 
You're back. You must really enjoy crushing defeat. 
Today is a good day to die in a forest defending a statue from goblins. 
Hello. I hope you're ready this time. 
You must be the one the others were talking about. The--well, I'm sure you'll do fine. 
You must be the one the others were talking about. That talentless one. 
Welcome to Dota. It's the hot new game you've been reading about in your eating magazines. 
Welcome to Dota. Don't forget your little plastic sword. And all your chins. And your giant flagon of gravy. 
Welcome to Medieval Times. How many in your party tonight? 
Welcome to Dota. It's like chess with one piece and a forest. 
You must be the one the others were talking about. The one with all the chins. 
Welcome to Dota. 
All pick. 
Mid only. 
Least played. 
All random. 
Captain's draft. 
Captain's mode. 
Random draft. 
Single draft. 
Death match. 
Easy mode. 
Reverse captain's mode. 
You're not going to like this one. 
Oh good, something new to fail at. 
This is new. 
This looks challenging. For you, I mean. 
I don't want to tell you your business, but if it were me I'd leave this new game mode alone. 
I wouldn't bother with this mode. My guess is that just clicking it will make your life even worse somehow. 
I was getting bored watching you lose in those other modes anyway. 
Don't wear out the edge of your seat. 
Gripping, isn't it? 
You paid for the whole seat, so get comfortable because it looks like we may be here a long time. 
I know, I can't wait either. 
Here's a Dota play-by-play. That fat, batwinged thing just flew left. A goblin punched a... ghost I think. Good for him. Good for everyone. Anyway: Dota. 
So, what's happening here then? Oh! The game's still on. Gripping, isn't it? 
I spy with my robot eye something that makes no sense. Did you guess everything that's going on here? Because this is all nonsense. 
The game already started, by the way. I wasn't sure if you were waiting for a whistle. There isn't one. 
The bottom lane is missing. 
Bottom is missing. 
The middle lane is missing. 
Middle is missing. 
The top lane is missing. 
Top is missing. 
Thanks to you. 
That's bad, by the way. 
I honestly, truly didn't think you'd allow that to happen. 
You're allowed to defend those, you know. 
Because of poor decisions. Yours most likely. 
Because someone--I'm talking about you here--doesn't know what they're doing. 
What counts is that you tried, so maybe do that next time. 
There are no handicaps on this match by the way. You can stop them from doing that. 
If you were saving your real strategy for a crisis, now would be the time. 
That outfit you're wearing looks stupid. That's not me talking. It's right here in your file. 
When other people play that hero it looks fine. But right here a scientist has noted that when you play it looks stupid. 
Grief counseling will be available at the conclusion of the match. 
But on the bright side, I just won. Money. Gambling money. By betting against you. 
But we're all winners here. Especially those players over there. In the enemy camp. You know, the ones celebrating. 
Interesting stategy. Let them obliterate all your defenses, then swoop in for the kill. 
That doesn't mean you have to like it. It just means you'll probably keep doing it because of your aptitude at failure. 
But don't worry, losing builds character. In fact it's making you a better person right now. A great, big, well-rounded loser with lots of personality. 
But looking at it another way, I think you've won a real moral victory here. Which doesn't mean we should forget about the first way. The more accurate and humiliating way. 
But it's not a big loss really. It's one in a series of very small losses over a 45 minute timespan that, when added up, will look like one big, spectacular failure. 
Well nobody will hold it against you. Let's be honest, I doubt anyone will even find it surprising. 
Now you're really in for it. 
I can't even begin to describe how badly you've screwed this up. Oh wait, I just did. 
If I was a betting artificial intelligence, I'd put money on them killing you now. 
That's bad, by the way. 
That doesn't mean you have to like it. 
This should be interesting. 
I was on the edge of my seat. 
Let's watch and see what happens. 
Good. 
In case you weren't paying attention. 
If that's something you cared about. 
It's probably nothing to worry about. 
You might want to look into that. 
So there's that. 
You're allowed to start trying now. 
But you probably already knew that. 
Not that I care one way or the other. 
So that's something that's happening. 
But just continue doing whatever it was you were doing. 
I hope that's part of your plan. 
You don't even care, do you? 
It'll probably be fine. 
Is this part of an elaborate trap you're going to spring on them later? Because it looks like they're really falling for it. 
I know it's not a plate of nachos or anything, but it is important to the game. 
It's probably fine. Trust me: I'm a super-computer and I barely understand what's happening right now. 
I only mention it as a conversation starter. How are you doing otherwise? 
Let me put it in old English so that it will penetrate your wizard's cap: thou art losing. 
You're really losing now. Or winning. Well, back to my mad-libs. 
Wait, maybe they're not actually damaging it. No, they are. 
I know. I don't care either. 
This is the hardest part about being an impartial announcer: balancing how little I care about anything that's happening here. 
Bad news for you fans of towers out there. 
Yes, yes. Oh that was a great mad-lib. So, what's happening here then? 
Don't get cocky. 
Don't let it go to your fat, jowly head. 
Don't let it go to your giant, misshapen fantasy head. 
So at least your teammates know what they're doing. 
You're winning the epic battle for this small field with a creek running through it. 
Here, let me engrave a trophy for you: nobody cares. 
If this backward, illiterate fantasy forest had a newspaper, you'd be on the front page. 
Let me record this victory in your file. Where did I put it? Oh, who cares. 
Your teammates are doing a really great job. 
They're just going to build another one. They're made of cement. You can buy them at the supermarket. 
This should impress all the people who doubted you at the comic book store. 
Why don't you celebrate with two fistfulls of potato chips once you've swallowed the chips you're probably eating now. 
This is probably the most heroic thing anyone's ever done while sitting motionless in their parents' rec room. 
You must be so proud of your teammates right now. 
You were almost helpful that time. 
Well, you offered moral support. 
It's a good feeling, isn't it? I wouldn't get used to it. 
Not bad. Not as bad, I mean, as your other decisions so far. 
Well, that's probably the game. You win. Hands off the keyboard. 
Well, aren't you the little hero of the forest. 
So that's a minor victory, right square in the middle of all your failures. 
Let's be honest: it probably won't help. 
For all the good it will do you. 
If you had any idea what you were doing, this would be a real achievement. 
By accident, if I had to guess. 
Did you win? I don't have the first clue what's happening right now. What about those things? The tree-people things. Are they important? 
You're winning. More accurately, you're on the same team as winners who happen to be near you while they win. Anyway, congradulations. 
That's funny, I didn't even see you cheat. 
That should delay the inevitable slightly. 
Let's be honest: it probably won't help. 
Based on the way you've been playing, I understand. 
Oh good. You're back. 
Oh, you were gone. Because nobody noticed. 
You're back. That's... great. 
You're going to break that respawner using it so much. It wasn't built for this kind of traffic. 
I hope you bought the fire gauntlets of strength goblet boots. I don't understand any of this. 
You again. 
Your terrifying reign of dying continues. 
Well, see you back here soon. 
Just because we can bring you back from the dead doesn't mean you can't dodge occasionally. 
I thought you were dead. I'll let everybody who was worried about you know-okay I'm done. 
Oh, you're back from whatever idiotic afterlife your prepostrous race believes in. 
Get back to battle. I think there's still a spot of ground out there that doesn't have your blood on it. 
They struck you down, but you've come back stronger! Wait, I'm sorry. I meant heavier. In the face. Anyway, waddle out there and do your best.