s6) 
%s1 %s2, %s3 (%s4:%s5:%s6) GMT 
Unknown 
%s1d %s2:%s3:%s4 
%s1:%s2:%s3 
%s1:%s2 
%s1d %s2h %s3m %s4s 
%s1d %s2h %s3m 
%s1h %s2m %s3s 
%s1h %s2m 
%s1m %s2s 
%s1m 
%s1s 
days 
hours 
minutes 
seconds 
day 
hour 
minute 
second 
- 
+ 
, 
. 
Inf 
th 
st 
nd 
rd 
st 
nd 
rd 
st 
nd 
rd 
st 
nd 
rd 
st 
nd 
rd 
st 
nd 
rd 
st 
nd 
rd 
st 
nd 
rd 
st 
nd 
rd 
Welcome! Welcome to Dota! 
Your turn to pick. 
I'm afraid it's the enemy's turn to pick. 
Dire team pick. 
Radiant team pick. 
It's your turn to ban. 
I believe it's the enemy's turn to ban. 
Dire team ban. 
Radiant team ban. 
Radiant's team is completely complete. 
Your team is complete. 
Dire's team is quite complete. 
The ball is in play. The dice have been thrown. Et cetera et cetera. 
Ten seconds remaining. 
Five seconds remaining. 
Reserve time. 
Extra time. 
You are using Reserve Time. 
You are using Extra Time. 
Choose your hero, my good friend. 
Go ahead. Select your heroes. 
Thirty seconds to battle. 
Ten seconds to battle. 
Is this on? 
Will I need my calculator for this? 
I'm not much of an announcer but I'll do my best. 
Ah heh hem. Is this on? 
Is this on? 
Hello? 
Oh, I see. Are those little...little people down there? Wonderful what they can do these days. 
I had a terrarium once...rather like this...well, except with mice. And a chameleon. But the possibilities for combat were much the same. 
You really should prepare for battle. 
The battle begins! 
The battle begins! Or so I am told. 
This is it! The battle begins. 
There they go! Uh, where are they going? 
Oh, is this it? 
Are we starting now? 
Look at them go! 
I suppose I better start paying closer attention to the...oh...butterflies! 
Your ancient is under attack. 
Your ancient is under attack. And I'm not feeling so well myself. 
Your ancient is under attack. Imagine how I feel. 
Good grief! Your ancient is under attack! 
Radiant's ancient is under attack. 
Radiant's ancient is under attack. Someone had better do something. 
Radiant's ancient is under attack. I can't believe my eyes. 
My goodness. Radiant's ancient is under attack. 
Dire's ancient is under attack. 
Dire's ancient is under attack. That can't be a positive development. 
Dire's ancient is under attack. You heard it here first! 
Stop the presses! Dire's ancient is under attack. 
Can it be that Dire's ancient is under attack? Yes! Yes it is! 
Radiant's top tower is under attack. 
Radiant's top tower is under attack. And not in a good way. 
It would appear Radiant's top tower is under attack. 
Radiant's middle tower is under attack. 
Radiant's middle tower is under attack. I have no reason to lie about such things. 
Strange to say, Radiant's middle tower is under attack. 
Radiant's bottom tower is under attack. 
Radiant's bottom tower is under attack. Has that ever been cause for celebration? 
Radiant's bottom tower is being subjected to extreme violence. 
Dire's top tower is under attack. 
Dire's top tower is under attack. Must I repeat myself? 
Dire's top tower is being attacked like nobody's business. 
Dire's middle tower is under attack. 
Dire's middle tower is under attack. I feel like a broken record. 
Dire's middle tower is under an extraordinary amount of stress. 
Dire's bottom tower is under attack. 
I don't mean to be alarmist, but...Dire's bottom tower is under attack. 
Sorry, I just noticed that Dire's bottom tower is under attack. 
Your top tower is under attack. 
Your top tower is under attack. No reflection on you, you understand. 
I hate to inform you that your top tower is under attack. 
Your middle tower is under attack. 
Your middle tower is under attack. Just thought you'd want to know. 
Regrettably, your middle tower is under attack. 
Your bottom tower is under attack. 
Your bottom tower is under attack. Does this happen a lot? 
Excuse me but your bottom tower is under attack. 
Oh dear. Your top tower has fallen. 
Your middle tower has fallen. 
Your middle tower has fallen. Let's hope that's the worst of it. 
Your bottom tower has fallen. 
Your bottom tower has fallen. They seem rather prone to that don't they? 
It would appear that your bottom tower has fallen. 
Radiant's top tower has fallen. 
Radiant's top tower has fallen. Surely that was intentional? 
Well, it seems that Radiant's top tower has fallen. 
Radiant's middle tower has fallen. 
Radiant's middle tower has fallen. Someone must be very pleased with themselves. 
I would like to point out that Radiant's middle tower has fallen. 
Radiant's middle tower has fallen. Someone must be very pleased with themselves. Or himself...uh...singular antecedent, singular pronoun. 
Radiant's bottom tower has fallen. 
Radiant's bottom tower has fallen. Seems to be the day for it. 
Oh look, Radiant's bottom tower has fallen. 
Dire's top tower has fallen. 
Dire's top tower has fallen. I could have predicted this. 
In a stunning development, Dire's top tower has fallen. 
Dire's middle tower has fallen. 
Dire's middle tower has fallen. As any fool can see. 
I am required to point out that Dire's middle tower has fallen. 
Dire's bottom tower has fallen. 
Dire's bottom tower has fallen. If that's the proper term for it, and I believe it is. 
In a blow to the Dire, their bottom tower has fallen. 
The enemy's top tower has fallen. 
The enemy's top tower has fallen. There, that must feel good. 
Note well: The enemy's top tower has fallen. 
The enemy's middle tower has fallen. 
The enemy's middle tower has fallen. It's hard to see that as anything but advantageous. 
At last, the enemy's middle tower has fallen. 
The enemy's bottom tower has fallen. 
The enemy's bottom tower has fallen. One in a series, I daresay. 
You'll be delighted to hear the enemy's bottom tower has fallen. 
Your top barracks are under attack. 
Your top barracks are under attack. Most distressing. 
Get moving! Your top barracks are under attack! 
Your middle barracks are under attack. 
Your middle barracks are under attack. I regret being bearer of such tidings. 
You should know that your middle barracks are under attack. 
Your bottom barracks are under attack. 
Your bottom barracks are under attack. I'm sure this can still be remedied. 
I hate to say it, but your bottom barracks are under attack. 
Radiant's top barracks are under attack. 
Radiant's top barracks are under attack. And what an attack it is. 
A little bird tells me that Radiant's top barracks are under attack! 
Radiant's middle barracks are under attack. 
Radiant's middle barracks are under attack. Pay very close attention now. 
Radiant's lovely middle barracks are under great duress. 
Radiant's bottom barracks are under attack. 
Radiant's bottom barracks are under attack. It seems to be going around. 
I spy with my little eye that Radiant's bottom barracks are under attack! 
Dire's top barracks are under attack. 
Dire's top barracks are under attack. To put it bluntly. 
Wouldn't you just know it? Dire's top barracks are under attack. 
Dire's middle barracks are under attack. 
Dire's middle barracks are under attack. Oh this is a sorry state of affairs. 
Dear me. Dire's middle barracks are under attack. 
Dire's bottom barracks are under attack. 
Dire's bottom barracks are under attack. That's good news for someone, rather worse news for someone else. 
It cannot be stated firmly enough that Dire's bottom barracks are under attack. 
Your top barracks has fallen. 
Your top barracks has fallen. I'm afraid there's no fixing it. 
Well, drat. Your top barracks has fallen. 
Your middle barracks has fallen. 
You rmiddle barracks has fallen. Was that an important one? 
I regret to inform you of the loss of your middle barracks. 
Your bottom barracks has fallen. 
Your bottom barracks has fallen. I assure you, any disappointment you may hear in my voice is completely imaginary. 
Your bottom barracks are no more, my friend. 
Radiant's top barracks has fallen. 
Radiant's top barracks has fallen. Well, that seals it. Seals something anyway. 
Fascinating. Radiant's top barracks has fallen. 
Radiant's middle barracks has fallen. 
Radiant's middle barracks has fallen. And yet, all is not lost. 
Dear me! Radiant's middle barracks has fallen. 
I'll just point out that Radiant's middle barracks has fallen. 
Radiant's bottom barracks has fallen. 
Radiant's bottom barracks has fallen. Could still go either way though. 
I don't believe it! Radiant's bottom barracks has fallen. 
Dire's top barracks has fallen. 
Dire's top barracks has fallen. Fate is smiling, but not in their direction. 
Someone might want to inform the Dire that their top barracks has fallen. 
Dire's middle barracks has fallen. 
Dire's middle barracks has fallen. That seems like it might be a significant development. 
If you're just tuning in, Dire's middle barracks has fallen. 
Dire's bottom barracks has fallen. 
Dire's bottom barracks has fallen. There are more where that came from. Ah wait, ah what, there are no more where that came from. 
Sadly, Dire's bottom barracks has fallen. 
The enemy's top barracks has fallen. 
The enemy's top barracks has fallen. As I knew it eventually must. 
Pat yourself on the back. The enemy's top barracks has fallen. 
The enemy's middle barracks has fallen. 
The enemy's middle barracks has fallen. Someone's worst fears confirmed. 
It's too good to be true! The enemy's middle barracks has fallen. 
The enemy's bottom barracks has fallen. 
The enemy's bottom barracks has fallen. Well, I hope you're very pleased with yourself. 
The enemy's bottom barracks has incredibly fallen. 
Your top tower has been denied. 
Your top tower has been denied. It's a little thing I know but take some pride in it. 
Well done. Your top tower has been denied. 
Your middle tower has been denied. 
Your middle tower has been denied. Better than the alternative certainly. 
Just in time, your middle tower has been denied. 
Your midmost stony obelisk has been denied. 
Your bottom tower has been denied. 
Your bottom tower has been denied. Does it get any better than this? 
Not to brag but your bottom tower has been denied. 
The enemy's top tower has been denied. 
The enemy's top tower has been denied. Keep up the good...ah what? Never mind. 
The enemy just denied their top tower. 
The enemy's middle tower has been denied. 
The enemy's middle tower has been denied. Has there ever been a more flagrant injustice? 
The enemy's middle tower was flagrantly denied. 
The enemy's bottom tower has been denied. 
The enemy's bottom tower has been denied. 
The enemy's bottom tower has been denied. Well, I'm crushed. 
Well, well, the enemy's bottom tower has been denied. 
Radiant's top tower has been denied. 
Radiant's top tower has been denied. Let it never be said of that tower that it is such a jolly good fellow that nobody shall deny it. 
Surprisingly or not, Radiant's top tower has been denied. 
Radiant's middle tower has been denied. 
Radiant's middle tower has been denied. I've never seen a tower more denied. 
My oh my, Radiant's middle tower has been denied. 
Radiant's bottom tower has been denied. 
Radiant's bottom tower has been denied. This is quite a day. 
Radiant's bottom tower has been soundly denied. 
Dire's top tower has been denied. 
Dire's top tower has been denied. We won't be seeing that tower again. 
What a blow! Dire's top tower has been denied. 
In the grand tradition of tower denial, Dire's top tower has been denied. 
Dire's middle tower has been denied. 
Dire's middle tower has been denied. And not a moment too soon. 
In a master stroke of sorts, Dire denied its middle tower. 
Dire's bottom tower has been denied. 
Dire's bottom tower has been denied. As have I on various occasions. 
How about that? Dire's bottom tower has been denied! 
It is my solemn duty to inform you that Dire's bottom tower has been denied. 
Very nice. Dire's structures are fortified. 
Dire's structures are cunningly fortified. 
Dire's structures are fortified. 
Dire's structures are fortified. They are looking quite robust. 
Dire's structures are fortified. What a marvelous glow! 
In a stroke of cunning, or perhaps of desperation, Dire's structures have been fortified! 
I've never seen Radiant's structures looking so fortified. 
Radiant's structures are beautifully fortified. 
Radiant's structures are fortified. 
Radiant's structures are fortified. There appears to be some sort of magic at work. 
Radiant's structures are fortified. In fact they appear radiant with health. 
Radiant's structures are not only fortified, they are positively glowing. 
Ladies and gentlemen, Dire's courier has been slain. 
Dire's courier has been slain. 
It is with grave emotion that I report the death of Dire's courier. 
Dire's courier has been slain. News of the death is expected to travel swiftly. 
I take no pleasure in informing you that Dire's courier has been slain. 
Dire's courier has been slain. 
Brace yourself for sad tidings: Radiant's courier has been slain. 
Radiant's courier has been slain. 
Bad tidings, I'm afraid: Radiant's courier has been slain. 
Radiant's courier has been slain. Let us hope it left no little ones behind. 
Radiant's courier has been slain. A moment of silence please. 
Radiant's courier has been slain. This is no sort of place for a peaceable beast. 
Rejoice! You now have megacreeps. 
I'm sorry to report, the enemy now has megacreeps. 
In late breaking news, the Dire now have megacreeps. 
I have it on good authority that the Radiant now have megacreeps. 
Roshan has fallen to the Dire! 
Roshan has been ruthlessly exploited by the Dire. 
Oh dear, Poor Roshan has fallen afoul of the Dire. 
Roshan has fallen to the Dire! I hope the magnificent creature did not suffer overmuch. 
Whatever race Roshan represented is now officially extinct. 
Roshan has fallen to the Radiant! 
For reasons known only to itself, the Radiant have slain Roshan. 
We now have confirmation that Roshan is the latest victim of Radiant hostility. 
Roshan has fallen to the Radiant! Roshan, we hardly knew ye. 
And so Roshan passes into history, leaving nothing but fond memories, a taste of immortality, and a questionable cheese. 
Dire victory! And I do mean dire. 
And the Dire seize the day in the direst possible way. 
Radiant victory! 
Victory of the most Radiant sort! 
I'm certain no one here will forget where they were when the Radiant seized their victory. 
All Pick. 
All Random. 
Captain's Draft. 
Captains Mode. 
Random Draft. 
Single Draft. 
Death Match. 
Easy Mode. 
Yes, yes. 
Now who might you be? 
You make a very fine first impression. 
What sort of creature are you supposed to be? 
I hope they take a sample. 
I'm AB negative myself. 
Excellent. 
Almost certainly a sound investment. 
Is that an allowable expense? 
I didn't see that in the budget. Well, no matter. 
That is bound to pay off. 
One of your finest. 
Splendid. 
That must be your specialty. 
How did you do that? 
Don't let it go to your head. 
Nicely done. 
Well well. 
Hear hear! 
I like to think I'd have done the same. 
A master stroke. 
Very efficient. 
It's no less than I expect of you. 
If you'll excuse me for a moment, I am a bit squeamish. 
You were well within your rights, I'd say. 
Mercy doesn't enter into it, hm? 
You're rather good at killing things. 
Quite a pummelling. 
How terribly heroic. 
Most regrettable. 
Oh dear. 
That was less than optimal. 
Oh fie. 
Was that the best you can do? 
I'm not distracting you am I? 
Glad I'm not in your shoes...if those are shoes. 
You cut a dashing figure. 
You cut a most appealing figure. 
Well, that was unexpected. 
You appear to be glowing. 
I expect you're rather pleased with yourself. 
You might want to find a way to be more useful to your boon companions. 
Your entire team destroyed? I wish I could say I had no idea what you're feeling right now. 
Good of you to return. 
Well, don't be discouraged. 
Let's not dwell on the past. Get right back to it. 
You again! 
What sort of beast is that? 
What sort of beast is that? 
Catch and release wild Roshan. 
Oh dear, and that was the last of its kind. 
There appears to be cheese in the lava. 
Nothing good will come of this, I fear! 
Oh wonderful! Well deserved. 
I was hoping that would fall to you. Well, perhaps it's for the best. 
Any chance you could tag that thing and release it into the wild? 
A foregone conclusion, I should think. 
I like to think your success is a testament to my mentorship. 
Back to the drawing board. In fact, maybe we should draw up plans for a new drawing board. 
Don't be discouraged. It only encourages them. 
Quite active, aren't they? 
I believe that is a juvenile form of neutral creep. 
What I wouldn't give for a net and a killing jar. 
I was distracted for a moment there. What just happened? 
What a peaceful scene. 
Ah, butterflies! 
Nothing quite as restful as a river. 
I can't quite identify these trees. I wonder if there's a field guide. 
Does this always go on this long? 
It won't be long now, one way or another. 
I hope you will forgive my meager display of expert knowledge. 
I truly am confused. 
There is certain to be unimaginable retaliation.