, %s3 (%s4:%s5:%s6) 
%s1 %s2, %s3 (%s4:%s5:%s6) GMT 
Unknown 
%s1d %s2:%s3:%s4 
%s1:%s2:%s3 
%s1:%s2 
%s1d %s2h %s3m %s4s 
%s1d %s2h %s3m 
%s1h %s2m %s3s 
%s1h %s2m 
%s1m %s2s 
%s1m 
%s1s 
days 
hours 
minutes 
seconds 
day 
hour 
minute 
second 
- 
+ 
, 
. 
Inf 
th 
st 
nd 
rd 
st 
nd 
rd 
st 
nd 
rd 
st 
nd 
rd 
st 
nd 
rd 
st 
nd 
rd 
st 
nd 
rd 
st 
nd 
rd 
st 
nd 
rd 
Your turn to pick. 
Choose wisely, you will be spending quite a bit of time with them. 
Enemy's turn to pick. 
Which hero will the enemy take? 
I wonder which hero the enemy will saddle themselves with...? 
I'm a bit curious about the enemy's hero selection. But only a bit. 
Dire team pick. 
Time, now, for the Dire team to choose. 
Radiant team pick. 
Patience while the Radiant team chooses. 
Your turn to ban. 
Absolutely dying to see who you will ban. In fact, it's killing me. 
Enemy's turn to ban. 
The enemy gets a ban - absolutely nothing to be done about it, I'm afraid. 
Dire team ban. 
The Dire team is now picking their bans. They do take their time, don't they? 
Radiant team ban. 
Ahh, now the Radiant team is banning. This should be interesting. 
Radiant's team is complete. 
At long last, Radiant's team is set. 
Your team is complete. 
Alright then, your team is filled. 
Our team is complete. 
Our team is set and complete. Well done! 
Dire's team is complete. 
Put the Dire team in the DONE column! 
Reserve time. 
You are using Reserve Time. 
You are currently using reserve time - be smart about it, would you? 
Extra time. 
You are using Extra Time. 
Thank goodness for the extra time you're now using! 
Choose your hero. 
Which hero will you choose? The anticipation is killing me! 
You may now select your heroes. 
Excellent, the selection of heroes is now available. 
Ten seconds remaining. 
Ten seconds, no, I'm sorry 8 seconds, actually I meant -- well, never mind. 
Five seconds remaining. 
A voice in my ear is telling me only five seconds to go! Either that or I'm mad! 
Thirty seconds to battle. 
Steady now -- 30 seconds until we are tested by combat! 
Ten seconds to battle. 
Ten seconds, stay calm... 
Prepare for battle. 
It's time then -- prepare yourself! 
Here we go, are you ready? 
Let's do this! 
The battle begins! 
It begins! Incoming! 
Courage - it starts...NOW! 
Here they come! Let's go! 
Strategic Maneuvers have begun. Only time will tell if they're any good. 
Your Ancient is under attack. 
Keep your wits about you - your Ancient is being attacked! 
Blast - they've made it to the Ancient! 
You must protect the Ancient! 
They've made it to the Ancient! Watch out! 
Radiant's Ancient is under attack. 
They're attacking Radiant's Ancient - I can't bear to watch. 
Dire's Ancient is under attack. 
Dire's Ancient is being attacked - and it's not pretty. 
Your top tower is under attack. 
All hands to the top tower - it's under attack! 
They're attacking your top tower - will they never stop?! 
Oh no, the top tower, it's under attack! 
Look to the top tower - they're attacking! 
Your middle tower is under attack. 
Displaying their usual lack of imagination - they're going straight for your middle tower. 
I wouldn't want to be in that middle tower at this moment! 
Be quick about it - the middle tower is under attack. 
Blast it - they're after your middle tower. 
Your bottom tower is under attack. 
Now I see what they want - they're attacking the bottom tower 
To the bottom tower - they've laid siege to it 
Protect the bottom tower or it will be lost! 
Hurry - we may save the bottom tower yet! 
Radiant's top tower is under attack. 
Radiant's top tower has been attacked! 
Radiant's middle tower is under attack. 
I'm afraid Radiant's middle tower is under siege. 
Radiant's bottom tower is under attack. 
They've made a beeline for Radiant's bottom tower. 
Dire's top tower is under attack. 
This won't be pretty -- they've reached Dire's top tower! 
Dire's middle tower is under attack. 
It looks like they're going after Dire's middle tower. 
Dire's bottom tower is under attack. 
Dire's bottom tower is under siege. 
Your top tower has fallen. 
I'm afraid the top tower has been lost. Careful now. 
Keep those senses sharp - the top tower has fallen. 
They broke through at the top - the top tower has fallen 
That's it then - the top tower is no more. 
Your middle tower has fallen. 
The middle tower is done for - pay full attention now! 
It's gone - the middle tower is gone. 
For the love of ... - they've destroyed your middle tower. 
The middle tower is now part of history. 
Your bottom tower has fallen. 
I'm sorry to say the bottom tower is now a casualty of this battle. 
The bottom tower has fallen. Nothing good will come of this. 
No more bottom tower my friend, it's gone. 
Sadly, I must inform you that the bottom tower was destroyed. 
The enemy's top tower has fallen. 
That's what we need - the enemy has no more top tower! 
Well done! Their top tower is down for good! 
Progress! We've dropped their top tower! 
At last! We've destroyed their top tower! 
The enemy's middle tower has fallen. 
Yes! They won't be using that middle tower any more! 
Enemy's Middle tower off line! Congratulations! 
We've destroyed their middle tower - onward! 
They've lost their middle tower to us. 
The enemy's bottom tower has fallen. 
We've leveled their bottom tower! Fantastic! 
Our enemies have no bottom tower. Let's press on, Shall we? 
Their bottom is hanging out in the breeze - they have no bottom tower 
Superb, we've taken down their bottom tower! 
Our enemy has no bottom tower to speak of - so I shan't speak of it any more. 
Radiant's top tower has fallen. 
I am aghast - Radiant's top tower has been taken! 
Radiant's middle tower has fallen. 
Radiant's middle tower is no more. 
Radiant's bottom tower has fallen. 
Dire's top tower has fallen. 
And Dire's top tower falls right in front of us 
Dire's middle tower has fallen. 
It's beyond comprehension: Dire's middle tower is gone, just gone. 
Dire's bottom tower has fallen. 
Dire's bottom tower is simply no more. 
Your top tower has been denied. 
Sacrifice made, the enemy was denied our top tower. 
Our top tower is gone, but the enemy was denied. 
Your middle tower has been denied. 
We may have lost our middle tower, but at least the enemy can't have its value. 
The enemy is denied, but our middle tower is lost. 
At least the smoking remains of our middle tower are of no use to the enemy. 
We've denied our middle tower to the enemy. That's something, anyway. 
Your bottom tower has been denied. 
There, we've denied the enemy our bottom tower. 
The bottom tower may be lost to us, but the enemy is left with nothing. 
The enemy's top tower has been denied. 
The enemy has denied us their top tower, but at least it is now gone! 
It would have been nice to have the full value for ourselves, but at least their top tower is gone. 
We've been denied the enemy's top tower, but press on! 
The enemy's middle tower has been denied. 
They've denied us their middle tower, but we must press on. 
They may have denied us the entire prize, but at least their middle tower is still lost. 
The enemy's bottom tower has been denied. 
Their bottom tower was lost, but we were denied. 
They sacrificed their bottom tower to stymie us, no matter, we'll show them! 
They've denied us the reward of their bottom tower, but at least it stands no longer! 
Radiant's top tower has been denied. 
The Radiant destroyed their own top tower before the enemy did it for them. 
Radiant's middle tower has been denied. 
Radiant sacrifices their middle tower, and denies their enemy the reward. 
Radiant's bottom tower has been denied. 
The Radiant has chosen to destroy their own bottom tower. 
Dire's top tower has been denied. 
Dire has wisely decided denial is the best play and destroyed their own top tower. 
Dire's middle tower has been denied. 
Now Dire takes out their own middle tower, denying their enemy the prize. 
Dire's bottom tower has been denied. 
Dire's bottom tower sacrifice has denied the enemy any benefit. 
Your top barracks are under attack. 
They've reached the top barracks. We must stop them there! 
Oh no, they're attacking our top barracks 
Look to our top barracks - they're attacking 
We absolutely must stop their momentum. Head for the top barracks! 
Your middle barracks are under attack. 
They've advanced to the middle barracks, we must defeat them 
They've pushed to the middle barrackes, lets stop that, shall we? 
Can they really have attacked our middle barracks? That cannot stand! 
It's the middle barracks - that's where they're attacking! 
Your bottom barracks are under attack. 
It's the bottom barracks - that's where they're coming for us! 
Ah ha, they've attacked the bottom barracks, we must put an end to this. 
They're showing their hand - they're attacking the bottom barracks. 
Can we save the bottom barracks? We must stop them there once and for all! 
Radiant's top barracks are under attack. 
The enemy is storming Radiant's top barracks! 
Radiant's middle barracks are under attack. 
My God! Now they're attacking Radiant's middle barracks. 
Radiant's bottom barracks are under attack. 
Radiant had better be on high alert - they enemy is attacking their bottom barracks 
Dire's top barracks are under attack. 
So, they're attacking Dire's top barracks are they? 
Dire's middle barracks are under attack. 
Unbelievable! They're attacking Dire's middle barracks. 
Dire's bottom barracks are under attack. 
They're no fools. They're coming for Dire's bottom barracks! 
Your top barracks has fallen. 
No good news here - we've lost our top barracks. 
Not our top barracks! It's gone. 
There goes your top barracks - we must step up our game! 
The top barracks is gone, but we will prevail nonetheless! 
Your middle barracks has fallen. 
No more middle barracks now. Its just...gone. 
The middle barracks has been taken from us. 
I almost can't say it aloud - but our middle barracks has been taken. 
And just like that, it's lost. Farewell, middle barracks. 
Be aware, your middle barracks has just fallen. 
Your bottom barracks has fallen. 
Your bottom barracks are no more - no good will come of this. 
You've lost your bottom barracks, keep a look out. 
They've crushed your bottom barracks, be on your highest alert! 
I'm sorry my friend: Your barracks on the bottom has been destroyed. 
The enemy's top barracks has fallen. 
We have absolutely obliterated their top barracks. Onward! 
Fantastic! The enemy's top barracks is destroyed! 
No more top barracks for our enemies! 
And their top barracks is no more - we have wiped the slate! 
The enemy's middle barracks has fallen. 
Advancement! We've destroyed the enemy's middle barracks! 
And just like that - the enemy's middle barracks is history! 
Progress made! The enemy's middle barracks is destroyed. 
Boom. Down goes the enemy's middle barracks! 
The enemy's bottom barracks has fallen. 
We have rained destruction on the enemy's bottom barracks! 
Splendid, the enemy won't find a bottom barracks at their disposal any longer. 
In one short moment, the enemy's bottoms baracks was destroyed! 
Gone! When they go looking for their bottom barracks, they won't find it anywhere. 
We've eliminated their bottom barracks from play. Excellent! 
Radiant's top barracks has fallen. 
Radiant has lost their top barracks. I'm not sure that's a loss they can survive. 
Radiant's middle barracks has fallen. 
Radiant no longer has a middle barracks, what does this mean? 
Radiant's bottom barracks has fallen. 
That's it then -- Radiant has lost their bottom barracks. 
Dire's top barracks has fallen. 
Dire has lost their top barracks to their enemy. 
Dire's middle barracks has fallen. 
I'm afraid Dire no longer has a middle barracks 
Dire's bottom barracks has fallen. 
Sorry to say, Dire's bottom barracks is gone! 
Dire's structures are fortified. 
Dire has wisely chosen to fortify their own structures. 
It seems Dire has chosen to strengthen their structures. 
At the very least, Dire's structures will be temporarily harder to destroy. 
It will be harder to take down Dire's structures now that they are fortified. 
Dire has made it much harder to bring down their structures - they're fortified! 
Radiant's structures are fortified. 
Radiant's decision to fortify their structures will prove wise, I should think. 
It seems apparent that Radiant has chosen to strengthen their structures. 
The good news is that Radiant's structures will be much harder to damage now. 
It will be harder to remove Radiant's structures now that they are fortified. 
Radiant has made it much harder to take down their structures - they're fortified! 
Dire's courier has been killed. 
Dire's courier is dead! 
I cannot believe it - they've killed Dire's courier! 
Dire's courier has died - rather violently I should add. 
Dire's courier died today of rather unnatural causes. 
A bloody demise for Dire's courier. He was bringing me raspberries too. 
Radiant's courier has been killed. 
Radiant's courier..how do you say it? Ah, yes: sleeps with the dishes. 
That's it for the Radiant's courier I'm afraid. 
And Radiant's courier met his demise rather suddenly 
No more couriering for Radiant's courier - he's rather... dead. 
Radiant had a courier, but not any more. 
You now have megacreeps. 
You have spawned Megacreeps! 
Excellent, you now have Megacreeps! I do hope they're not contagious. 
Things are looking up, you have megacreeps. Which sounds odd when you say it out loud, doesn't it? 
Reinforcements have arrived! Megacreeps are yours, thank goodness! 
We now have megacreeps. 
We have been reinforced with Megacreeps! 
Megacreeps are on our side! Which is not something you hear often, I must say. 
We have the megacreeps - things will be quite dangerous for our enemies now! 
Megacreeps - that's just fun to say... Oh, and we have them on our side now! 
The enemy now has megacreeps. 
Megacreeps on the horizon - I'm afraid the enemy has them. Watch out! 
Let's keep our wits about us: the enemy now has megacreeps 
Reports are coming in that the enemy has Megacreeps - stay sharp! 
Be advised, our opponents are now marching with Megacreeps.  
The Dire now have megacreeps. 
The Dire have acquired Megcreeps. There's no telling how this will play out, is there!  
Be advised: the Dire now have Megacreeps supporting them. 
The Radiant now have megacreeps. 
Whether we like it or not, Radiant now counts Megacreeps among its forces. 
Will Radiant's new Megacreeps push them over the top? 
Roshan has fallen to the Dire! 
Fantastic! The Dire slayed Roshan! 
Roshan is but a bitter memory thanks to the Dire. 
Roshan's death comes at the hands of the Dire! 
I seem to be at a loss: the Dire have actually slain Roshan. 
Roshan has fallen to the Radiant! 
I can confirm: the Radiant brought Roshan down. 
Roshan is gone and the credit absolutely must go to the Radiant. 
Down goes Roshan at the hands of the Radiant. Good riddance! 
This just in: Radiant slays Roshan. Details uneccessary. 
Welcome to Dota! 
Good to see you again, old friend. Let's play some Dota! 
Ah, you're back, superb, let's get started then! 
A fine thing running into you here - let's play some Dota! 
Lets show them what you and I can accomplish together! Dota! 
Time to defend the Ancients my friend, let's do this! 
Defend the cores! I mean Ancients, yes Ancients. 
Hello, excellent to be partnered up once more - let's show them what we can do. 
Excellent seeing you again, let's dive into the competition, shall we? 
Why hello there. I'm thinking about playing some Dota, what about you? 
Welcome. The water's lovely -- why don't we dive right on in? 
Greetings my friend, so good to see you. Shall we play a game or three? 
All Pick. 
All Mid! 
Least Played! 
All Pick - This will require you to make a choice. But that's life isn't it, one choice after another? 
All Random. 
All Random - Leave your fate to chance. As if it was ever any other way! 
Captain's Draft. 
Captains Mode. 
Random Draft. 
Random Draft - be a good sport and pick a card, any card 
Single Draft. 
Single Draft - let's see what you can do with just three choices. 
Death Match. 
Death Match - hmm, that sounds rather unpleasant. 
Easy Mode. 
Easy mode - That actually sounds quite relaxing. 
Reverse Captain's Mode. 
Interesting Choice, Hmmm. 
I admit the anticipation is almost unbearable. I wonder what the first move will be? 
Clearly each team is sizing the other up before striking. 
Hah, I'm sensing a particularly clever strategy at work here. 
Perhaps we can gain additional insight by watching very closely. 
I can guess at what they're up to. But it is rather interesting, isn't it? 
Oh Look! Wait, I'm sorry, that was just a shadow. 
I can see the strain on each side. No easy victory here! 
It can't be much longer now... any raspberries in those bushes? 
Dire victory! 
The Dire have claimed victory - what a performance! 
The Dire prevails, proving their mettle once again! 
And, yes,... it's the Dire with the win! 
I must admit, I didn't see it coming, but the Dire pull it off! 
I must congratulate the Dire - an absolutely smashing success for them! 
Radiant victory! 
There cannot be a question: the win goes to the Radiant! 
A Radiant victory all around! 
The Radiant has the victory and I must say they've earned it. 
And so the Radiant claim victory and the day. As they should! 
Thus the Radiant seize the win! 
Congratulations! You've proven your mettle and beaten back the enemy! 
They'll think twice before challenging us again! 
It's just too bad there's no one left to complain about that one. Oh, no wait, it isn't too bad all! 
Well done - Now you have time for a rest - a very very short rest. 
No surprise to me in the slightest - but you've done it! 
Now THAT is what this world should look like - free of the enemy! 
I believe we are, finally, secure. Well done! 
If I didn't know better I'd say you'd been preparing your entire life for this. 
A hard fought battle and a sweet, sweet victory! 
I'll be savoring that victory for quite some time, I should think. 
Well, that was unfortunate - let's try something else. 
We can't always get it right, can we? Let's give it another go. 
I'm sure we can think of another way to proceed. At least, I think I'm sure... 
Right. Another go, then? 
I am absolutely certain we can take them. Let's have another go, shall we? 
No surprise here, you're constantly improving. 
Experience is the key. And now you have it. Let's go again! 
Steady improvement wins the game. We'll take them yet. 
All things are possible with time and patience. And we have both. 
Mastery comes in small steps. Onward, friend! 
Failure is the forge of victory. Back at them! 
A simple job, simply done. Perfect. 
Well done! 
Rather like clockwork for you, isn't it? Excellent. 
I can see improvement in your every move. 
Not quite it, but ever so close. Carry on. 
I'm afraid that's not it, but I have complete faith in you. 
Well, Hello there! And welcome back! 
I've been wondering where your travels had taken you. 
Welcome back, it's been far too long, my friend. 
Excellent. You've returned - let's do this, shall we? 
Very happy to see you my friend, shall we engage in some mayham? 
Don't give in now -- you've almost got it. 
Not it, but ever so close. 
I must insist we try that once again. 
I do believe you're getting the right idea. 
All indications are that you're getting the hang of it now. 
Fantastic! You've nearly got it! 
That almost worked! 
You can do this, of that I am quite sure.  
No worries, I'm behind you all the way 
There is no I in quit: oh, wait there is -- but you still shouldn't do it. 
I have no doubt that we can do this! 
Someone has disconnected from the game - it's a shame really, they had such potential. 
Someone disconnected. 
A player has returned, we welcome them with open arms, unless of course they're on the other team... 
A player returns. 
I'd buy that item too, if I could. 
Well purchased. 
Nicely spent. 
A fine pick up. 
Now you'll be able to take on even more. 
Let's get back to the action! 
Right, now back to it! 
We now return our regularly scheduled carnage! 
No more time to rest, stay sharp! 
Really, already? 
Well, lets do this again soon. Very soon. 
I think we should do this again sometime. 
Looking forward to next time.