s2:%s3:%s4 
%s1:%s2:%s3 
%s1:%s2 
%s1d %s2h %s3m %s4s 
%s1d %s2h %s3m 
%s1h %s2m %s3s 
%s1h %s2m 
%s1m %s2s 
%s1m 
%s1s 
days 
hours 
minutes 
seconds 
day 
hour 
minute 
second 
- 
+ 
, 
. 
Inf 
th 
st 
nd 
rd 
st 
nd 
rd 
st 
nd 
rd 
st 
nd 
rd 
st 
nd 
rd 
st 
nd 
rd 
st 
nd 
rd 
st 
nd 
rd 
st 
nd 
rd 
Your turn to ban! 
It's your turn to ban, dummy! 
It's your turn to ban. Hello? 
Your turn to ban. 
Your turn to pick, bro. 
Your turn to pick. 
Uh hello! It's your turn to pick. 
Enemy's turn to ban. 
Enemy's turn to ban, baby. 
Enemy's turn to pick. 
It's the enemy's turn to pick. Relax. 
Enemy's turn. To pick. 
Enemy's turn to pick. 
Radiant team ban! 
Radiant team ban! 
Radiant team pick. 
C'mon Radiant team, you gotta pick 'em right. 
Dire team ban. 
Oh, Dire team ban! 
Uh, Dire team ban. 
Dire team pick. 
Go Dire team. Pick em up. Pick em out. 
Come on Dire team. Pick it good. 
Ah, congratulations. Your team is complete. 
Well you got yourself a complete team there, honcho! 
After all the trials and tribulations, the Radiant team is complete! 
Radiant team is complete! 
Dire's team is complete. 
What do you know? Dire after all this time their team is complete. 
Round up your characters and let's get this party started. 
You really gotta pick a hero. You got 10 seconds left. 
Oh man. Rick, there's only 10 seconds left to pick a hero. 
10 seconds to pick a hero, you moron. 
Um. You better pick your hero. 5 seconds. 
Yeah, 5 seconds left now. 
5 seconds, Morty. It'll be fine. 
Reserve time! 
Reserve time! 
Well what do you know! It's reserve time! 
Hey Morty guess what time it is? I don't know Rick, what is it? It's reserve time! 
Choose your hero! 
Hey! Choose your hero. 
Uhhh choose your hero! 
Get up on in here and choose that hero! 
Oh, alright, time to choose your hero. 
Why aren't they doing anything? They're just standing around? Relax, Morty. 
Oh geez Rick, we're in some real trouble. I know Morty, just follow my lead! 
Oxygen-rich atmosphere. Giant testicle monsters. We'll be fine. Let's partaaaay! 
What are we here for again? Trying to help these guys win a game? Right, yeah, okay. 
60 seconds. 60 seconds to game start! 
Um. 30 seconds to game start. 
Hoo, 30 seconds until th-th-this place goes ham. 
Hoo. 30 seconds until the game starts, Rick! I'm getting my things ready Morty. 
Oh my god the battle's about to start. Relax! Relax, Morty. C'mere, cuddle in with me. 
Morty, don't look now but the battle's about to start! Oh my god I ain't ready for this! 
Morty I'm getting ready for the game to start in 30 seconds. Ohh, I'm scared. 
30 seconds until jit goes ham in the dollar store, Morty. 
Uh Moooorty it's about to start Morty. 
Alright Morty. The game's about to start. 
Here we go, Rick. The battle's about to go. Ugh, oh. 
Who's that blowing the horn? Can somebody stop blowing that horn? 
Who? Who keeps? Who keeps blowing that stupid horn? 
Well, there's that pesky horn. 
G-game start! It starts. It started! 
Oh right, now it's on baby! Oh oh jeez! 
Oh! Look at this game. It just started, baby! 
Your to-ugh-op tower's under attack. 
Your top tower's under attack. 
Your top tower's under attack. 
Oh geez, your top tower's under attack. 
Oh boy. Your your your your your top tower's under attack. 
Oh geez Rick. The top tower's getting hit! 
Ahh, Morty you're not going to like this: the top tower's under attack. Ohhhh sheesh! 
Yyyyyyou gotta get serious. Top tower's under attack. 
Your middle tower's under attack. 
Your middle tower's under attack. 
Oh ho! Middle tower's under attack. 
Oh geez! Middle tower's under attack. 
Oh c'mon! Middle tower's under attack. 
Oh geez! Middle tower's under attack. 
Morty, uh, middle tower, might wanna look at it. Oh! Middle tower is under attack! 
Your bottom tower's under attack! 
Your bottom tower's under attack! 
Your bottom tower's under attack! 
You know Rick, I gotta tell you my bottom tower is looking pretty good! Morty, bottom tower under attack! Ohhh! 
Radiant's top tower is under attack. 
Radiant's top tower is under attack. 
Radiant's middle tower is under attack. 
Radiant's middle tower is under attack. 
Radiant's middle tower is under attack. 
Radiant's bottom tower is under attack. 
Oh! Radiant's bottom tower is under attack! 
Dire's top tower is under attack. 
Dire's top tower is under attack. 
Dire's middle tower's under attack. 
Dire's middle tower is under attack. 
Oh boy, Dire's middle tower is under attack. 
Oh, Dire's bottom tower is under attack. 
Oh, Dire's bottom tower is under attack. 
Ohhh! Dire's bottom tower is under attack. 
Oh boy, Dire's bottom tower is getting hit. 
Uh, those little rascals are hitting Dire's bottom tower. 
Oh geez, Morty, they're going after Dire's bottom tower. 
Oh! Your top tower's fallen. 
Oh! Your top tower's obliterated. Way to go. 
Oh! Your top tower just took it right in the you-know-what. 
Oh geez, your top tower's as good as done. 
Top tower just got turned into trash. 
Your top just got shattered. 
Ahh, top tower. Loved it. I loved it! 
Your middle tower just bit the big one. 
Oh man, your middle tower just got destroyed. 
Great! Your middle tower. You can't use that anymore, it's gone. 
Oh boy, your middle tower just took a big crap. 
Your bottom tower is gonzo, baby! 
You might wanna kiss your bottom tower goodbye, because it's gone. 
Hey Morty, guess what's not there? The bottom tower. 
The enemy's top tower has fallen! 
Whoa! The enemy's top tower got destroyed. 
Whoowowo they took out the enemy's top tower. 
Oh! The enemy's middle tower's gone. Serves them right. 
Oh they took out the enemy's middle tower! Ho ho ha ha ho ho! 
Oh the enemy's bottom tower. It's gone. We did it. 
Hooray, the enemy's bottom tower is destroyed. Hooray. 
Radiant's top tower has fallen. 
Radiant's top tower is destroyed. 
Radiant's middle tower is destroyed! 
Radiant's middle tower just got rekt. 
Way to go! Radiant's bottom tower's completely gone. 
Couldn't do much about Radiant's bottom tower, could you? 
Dire's top tower is done for. 
Dire's top tower has fallen. 
It's not my problem but Dire's top tower just fell. 
I wonder what they're going to build where Dire's top tower used to be. 
Dire's middle tower just took a big beating. It's gone. 
Dire's middle tower. It's gone. 
Oh great, Dire's bottom tower just got destroyed. 
What's the matter with you? Dire's bottom tower's destroyed. 
Ooo, you denied your top tower. 
Quick moving! You denied your top tower! 
Oh, nobody's getting nothing from this middle tower because it got denied, just in time. 
Ooo, you denied your middle tower. Nice work. 
On man you denied that bottom tower. Way to go! 
Oh geez, the bottom tower got denied. That's great news. 
Dumb enemy denied their top tower. 
Oh great, the enemy's just sitting there denying their top tower. 
Oh man, the enemy denied their middle tower. 
What are we supposed to do when the enemy denies their middle tower like this. 
Oh boy the enemy denied their bottom tower. 
Oh great, the enemy just denied their bottom tower. 
Radiant's top tower is officially denied. 
Oh boy what do you know. Radiant's top tower's been denied. 
Little birdie told me that Radiant's middle tower is denied. 
Heard a rumor: Radiant's middle tower's denied. 
Oh geez. Radiant's bottom tower just got denied. 
Oh damn homie! Radiant's bottom tower just got denied. 
Dire's top tower, it's denied. 
Dire's top tower's denied. 
Oh boy! Dire's middle tower's been denied. What are you gonna do now? 
Oh, Dire's middle tower's denied. 
Oh man, Dire's bottom tower's denied. 
Uh, Dire's bottom tower's denied. Ohh. 
Your top barracks are under attack. 
Watch out. Your top barracks are getting hit. 
They're swarming your top barracks right now. 
Oh geez, they're swarming your middle barracks. 
They're coming after your middle barracks. 
They're fighting against your middle barracks right now. 
Ugh, bottom barracks are getting hurt, baby! 
You know they're tearing into your bottom barracks now, right? 
I don't know if you know this but your bottom barracks are getting attacked. 
Well, there you go. Radiant's top barracks are getting attacked. 
What's up with Radiant? Their top barracks are getting attacked. 
I don't know if you know this but Radiant's top barracks are getting attacked. 
Oh boy. Radiant's middle barracks are getting attacked. 
Radiant's middle barracks are getting rummaged over. 
Radiant's middle barracks are getting hit. 
Come on, Radiant's top barracks are getting attacked. 
Radiant's bottom barracks are really taking a licking. 
Radiant's bottom barracks are getting torn apart. 
Dire's top barracks are getting hit. 
Dire's top barracks are really taking a whipping. 
Dire's middle barracks are really getting plunged in a sea of abuse. 
Dire's middle barracks are getting attacked. 
Dire's middle barracks are getting plunged into a sea of abuse. 
Dire's bottom barracks are really taking a licking and but it's not keeping on ticking. 
Boy there's some angry people beating up on Dire's bottom barracks. 
There's some angry characters beating up on Dire's bottom barracks. 
Welp, you don't have any top barracks anymore. 
Your top barracks? Yeah, they're gone now. 
Oh! Your middle barracks just got wiped off the face of the map. 
Oh boy Morty. Uh, middle barracks are gone. 
Oh man, the bottom barracks were my favorite. Now they're not there anymore. 
Hey Mo-ugh-ory, there's no bottom barracks anymore. Sorry player. 
The enemy's top barracks just got riggity riggity reeeeekt son! 
Enemy's middle barracks just got reeekt, baby! 
Enemy's bottom barracks are gone. Let's all say a prayer. 
This just in: the enemy's bottom barracks are destroyyyyed! 
Welp, there goes Radiant's top barracks. 
Ah! Radiant's top barracks have fallen. 
Radiant's middle barracks are as good as gone. 
Radiant's middle barracks. What a joke. 
I didn't think Radiant's bottom barracks would go that quick. 
Man I'm pissed! Radiant's bottom barracks are gone and I'm pissed! 
Dire's top barracks are, uh, obliterated. 
Dire's top barracks have been completely cut down to size. As in they're gone. 
Dire's middle barracks are poof, disappeared. 
Oh no Dire's middle barracks are gone. Ohh. 
Dire's bottom barracks just... They've seen better days. 
Oh. Dire's bottom barracks are hit and they're done. 
Oh man, I can't believe it, you got megacreeps. You got a bunch of megacreeps. 
Oh snap! You got megacreeps on your corner homie! 
Oh damn! You just got megacreeps. You know what that means. This thing is checked and mated. 
Oh crap the enemy has megacreeps. 
Oh wonderful. You went and let the enemy get megacreeps. 
Oh wonderful, the enemy's just managed to scrounge up a bunch of megacreeps. 
Oh geez. The enemy's got megacreeps. This is ridiculous. 
Oh boy! Radiant's got a bunch of megacreeps! 
Hey I'm just throwing this out there but Dire has megacreeps. 
They got their megacreeps from the megacreep bush. They plucked em up and they're ready to go. Dire, that is. Talking about Dire. 
Oh, Dire's got the megacreeps. 
Hey dummy, your ancient's under attack. 
Hey geez, why don't you start taking things seriously. Because your ancient is under attack. 
Hey what do you think this is a game? Your ancient's under attack! 
Hey! Just so you know, Radiant's ancient is under attack. That could really seal the deal. 
Radiant's ancient is under attack! 
Oh crap! Radiant's ancient is under attack! 
Dire's ancient is under attack! 
Oh no! Uh, Dire's ancient is under attack! 
Oh boy, Dire's ancient's under attack. You know what that means? Spells ugh trouble. 
Oh! Dire's ancient's under attack. Ooooh! 
Oh! Roshan's fallen to the Dire. 
Oh man, looks like the Dire got to Roshan just a little bit before everybody else could. 
Oh, Roshan just got slaughtered by the Dire. 
Boy Morty, you know that Roshan guy that just got killed by Dire. He owed me money. 
Oh boy, Roshan just got taken out by the, by the Radiant. 
Alright, Radiant just wiped out the Roshan guy! 
Oh, let me tell you that Roshan, he just delivered a bunch of goodies, to the Radiant. 
I'll tell you something about the Radiant, they sure know how to kill Roshan. It's about time someone took him out, he's a weirdo. Yeah, he's giant and weird. 
Oh geez, Radiant's courier just got killed. 
Radiant's courier just got killed. You know how much stuff he was carrying? 
Whoa! They just killed Radiant's courier! 
Oohhh, Dire's courier just got killed. 
Dire's courier got killed, are you kidding me? Weak. 
Dire's courier bit the big one. There's a job opening in case anyone's interested, for courier. 
Oh man! Get up on out of here cuz Radiant just fortified their structures. 
Man you might as well save that energy, cuz Radiant just fortified their structures. 
Radiant just fortified their structures. Know what I'm talking about? 
Looks like Dires's structures are fortified. 
That force field leads me to believe that Dire just fortified their structures. 
Oooh, Dire, you gotta fortify them there structures. Good work. 
Radiant wins! Radiant's victorious! Shut up Morty! 
They're Radiant. They're good and they won. Geez Morty, relax. It's not like your life's gonna get any better because of it. 
We did it! Or they did it, I should say! They did it! The Radiant people did it. 
They worked as a team, they hustled, they got in there, took care of business, and they won. Good work Dire! 
Dire wins! Ohhh boy that was some time well spent! Good game! 
Oh my goodness gracious, if it isn't, if my eyes don't deceive me, Dire wins. In your face, Morty! Screw you Rick! 
Dire just won! Morty! They won Morty! Quit yelling at me about it. 
Game over baby! Ohh man. 
That was a pretty good game, Morty. Yeah, it sure was Rick. 
S'a pretty good game. Good work everybody. 
Boy Morty I gotta tell ya. I'm on the edge of my seat. That was, uh, intense. 
Sheesh, your liver must be really hurting. 
I'm in heaven right now. This might be the best day of my life. 
Just give up Morty. It's all over. I'll take us home right now. 
That's it, Rick. I'm done with these insane adventures. I quit! I'm out! 
Well if it's any consolation, none of that mattered and it was all stupid. 
Morty, listen to me! Calm down. Just need to find an alternate reality where we didn't get our asses handed to us on a cheap chrome platter. 
This was necessary for the plan. Don't even trip, dawg. 
You know the cops are shooting at him and tasing him and he just keeps getting up. Yeah why does he keep getting up? Just lay down. 
We'll be fine. Let's partaaay! 
Is there no honor anymore, amongst gaming people? 
Try not to die this time, idiot! 
Oh, Morty, I been to all kinds of different realities, I've seen a lot of stuff. Yeah, and? I'm just saying, seen a lot of stuff. That's it. 
Too hot for, too hot to trot. Morty, relax, quit trying to come up with catchy phrases. 
Oh boy, Rick, I'm sleepy. Yeah me too Morty, but we gotta keep watching. 
This whole thing's really happening, huh? Yep, sure is happening Morty. It's going on right now. 
Oh, Morty. It's a nice day out there isn't it? Yeah. 
I wish we could convince all these people to go get some vitamin D out there. Not gonna happen Morty. 
Hey Rick, you want to hear my Boston impression? Yeah go ahead Morty. Hey y'all it's wicked sick over here, hey it's wicked sick. Whoa, that's pretty good Morty. 
You know Morty this reminds me of Nam? What do you mean Nam? The planet. It's a planet. Very leisurely place. 
Morty, I'm really thirsty. Can you get me a slurp? Yeah, I'll be right back. 
Wouldn't it be a bad thing if they put a housing development here? In this beautiful forest? Yeah, Rick. Then where would these people fight? 
Oh boy this freaky, Rick. This place is freaky. 
[Singing] Can we get the rights to that? I don't know what you were singing. 
If it's confusing and horrible then I guess everyone's favorite game is too, Morty. 
You know how many people are live streaming this game right now? 
Ugh, check it out Morty, look at this place, huh? This place is freaking me out, man. 
You really think this world is real? You'd have to be an idiot not to notice the sloppy details. 
Look, I'm not paying seventy smidgens for a broken defraculator. 
Heads up Morty. This could be a Zyger-ugh-ian s-scam. 
Nice! It's like that song. Blonk blonk ba nap noops a noop noop noops. 
Oh! I can't believe it. What a wonderful thing. 
Oh boy, Morty, this is some pretty fantastic stuff happening right here. You said it, Rick! 
Oh man! Oh hoo! I'm so happy about all this. 
Hey! Pat on the back. Pat on the back for this guy. 
Oh boy you really should be proud of yourself, you know? 
Oh boy! Whoa what a good work. What a good work you did. 
Whoo! Boy oh boy oh my goodness gracious. 
That was good playership. 
Oh! You're gonna do this! 
Alrig-ugh-ight. You know what you're doing. 
Whoa! You just unlocked the positive encouragement sound bite. 
Oh, whoa whoa, cause for a celebration. 
That's what I call teamwork. Ha ha ha. 
Man! Great teamwork, huh Rick? You're actually watching this, Morty? 
Did you see what they did, Rick? Did you see what they did? Frankly Morty no. Wasn't paying attention. 
Totes m'lotes dawg. 
Alright, we can rest at ease now. Close call Morty. 
Come on! Get with it! 
Oh! Ho ho! Not good. 
Oh man! 
You know Morty, it sometimes feels like they don't even care. 
Uh! What a mess. 
Uh! Stand down. Stand down. Was a close call. 
I can't believe how close that got. 
It's a tiny blip on the map of your life, little peanut. 
Oh! You gotta do something about this! 
Things are getting dire! Nice, Morty! Good one. 
Geez man! They're getting whooped! 
Whoa! Morty I've been across the cosmos and I've seen a ton of different realities, and let me tell ya: this is definitely not a remarkable moment at all, in any way, shape, or form. 
Oh boy, somebody called Trouble because he's here already. 
When are these people gonna learn? When are these people gonna learn, Morty? 
Hoooo hoooooooo! 
Geez! Ugh! This isn't good. 
Oh boy. Mmm, ohh, not good. 
Huuugh that's not good. 
Hooooooo that's trouble. 
It's pretty lame. Y'know that's what I'm trying to tell ya. 
It's all fake! A bunch of crazy fake nonsense! 
Horse pucky! Whoa! Careful Morty. That's some pretty hefty language you're throwing around. 
This normally never happens Morty and I know you won't believe it but: I think I made a mistake. 
Bet you're loving this. You get to be the mayor of I Told You Town. You're welcome. 
Whatever you do, don't bother trying to get the Meeseeks to improve your game. You suck too bad. 
Whoever that was, you're gonna wind up in low priority, punk. Calm down Morty! Punk! 
Oh boy. 
Everybody relax. It's just a bunch of 1s and 0s out there. You're gonna be fine. 
That was just horrible, Rick! 
They probably had to leave because their mom needed to get on Facebook. 
Oh screw that guy. Screw that guy! Or girl. Screw that person! 
Oh gee, you know nothing makes me more mad than when somebody just straight up quits and leaves the game. Calm down, Morty, calm down. 
You know Rick, that person wasn't carrying their weight anyways. We got this! 
Can't we just play a game where nobody bails?! 
Oh jeez Rick, we're a man down. I know Morty, but think about what happens if we win. Think of the bragging rights we'll have! 
Oh come on are you serious? Where did that player just decide to go? 
Oh man, player just disconnected? Oh, wonderful. What is this, a game? Is this a game to everybody 
Oh great? You know what we just got Rick? We just got a player disconnecting on us. 
Geez if I had a nickel for every time a player disconnected, I would have enough money to buy a vintage trinket from an old lady trinket store. 
Player's disconnected. This is why I say local LAN is the way to go, Rick. 
Plaaayer disconnect...ted. 
Oh great great! Player disconnected. Leave us hanging. 
Well well well, look what the cat drugged in. Drugged? Is he on drugs? 
Oh boy Morty look who just came back. I guess their disconnection was just a minor inconvenience. 
Oh! They're back. Who would have thought. 
As they say in Canada: peace oot! 
Oh! Getting sick of this crap. 
Someone turn the game off. Let me free! 
Can we wrap this up? Me and Morty have some synthetic laser eels oxidizing in the garage. 
Quick, Morty! We can run out of this simulated world before it reboots. 
Hey Rick, what does Dota stand for anyways? Ah, Morty it doesn't stand for anything, Morty! 
Hey Rick, I think this is that game: Demonstration of the Ants, right? Twenty percent accurate as usual, Morty. 
Remember, if you dii-ugh-iiiie in Dota, you die for real, Morty! Oooh! 
Remember if you die in Dota you die for real, Morty! Oooooh! 
What happens if they don't pick someone, Rick, what then? 
I think this is that game Defenestration of those Patients, right Rick? Twenty percent accurate as usual, Morty. 
Look at me! I'm Mr. Meeseeks! Dota 2, baby! 
Yo, what up my glip glops! 
All pick! 
Oh All Pick! 
All Pick! 
Mid Only! It's a mess, but let's do it. 
Mid Only! I don't know why we're gonna play this version but alright. 
Mid Only! It's gonna get crazy up in here. 
Least Played! 
Alrighty, Least Played heroes. Pick em, pick em and choose em. 
Hey Rick, unlike Summer it's Least Played. Morty, have a little respect, that's your sister. 
Limited Heroes! Oh ho ho goo goo gaa gaa. 
Aww, it's Limited Heroes. Is this babby's first day out? 
Limited Heroes! Oh boy, we've got ourselves a real str-tough customer. 
Oh geez. 1v1. We got a tough guy, uh, couple of tough guys with something to prove. 
Geez. 1v1. Why don't you two go get a room? 
Oh boy we've got a 1v1 over here. 
Oh geez, Ability Draft. Yeah this mode's ridiculous. 
Oh boy Ability Draft. In other words: Nonsense Mode. 
Ability Draft. Ugh. Time to stack the deck. 
All Random! 
All Random! 
Captain's Draft! 
Oo Captain's Draft! 
Captain's Mode! 
Oh Captain's Mode! 
Attention on deck, all hands on deck! We got a Captain's Mode! 
Deathmatch! 
Ooo! Deathmatch! 
Ohh! Easy mode. 
Oh, little baby picked Easy Mode. 
Oh boy, Easy Mode. This is gonna be exciting. 
Oh boy it's a Random Draft. 
Random Draft! 
Reverse Captain's Mode? Yeah, I've done it Morty. I've done it. 
Reverse Captain's Mode? Yeah Morty, I've done it. It's great. 
Single Draft! 
I like my Single Drafts with a dash of lemonade. 
Oh! Single Draft! 
Oh boy. Don't rush it. Gotta choose that hero right. 
Oh jeez Rick. Check out this mode, huh! Yeah I never seen a mode like this before. 
Whoa, Morty! Morty I can't believe they picked this mode. Yeah this is a crazy old mode. 
Oh, I hope they have fun with this mode. Yeah this mode is just out of control. 
Missing top! 
Better be careful guys, top is missing. Anything could happen. 
Missing top! 
Uh oh! The middle is missing. Could he be right behind you? I don't know. 
Oh geez the middle is missing. I can't take this Rick, it's freaking me out. 
Uh, the-ugh middle is missing. 
Missing bottom! 
Missing bottom! 
Oh bottom is missing. Morty get ready. This is what we've been waiting for. 
Oh bottom is missing. You know I'm more of a top myself, but uh... 
If you hit this guy he gets healthier. Can you believe that? 
Morty don't get any funny ideas. Just cuz that little guy's in charge of the operation, it doesn't make things any easier, alright? Geez Rick, you know y-y-you're being mean to me. 
Do you think, like, you know, he wipes the big one's, you know, thing? His behind area? Morty, you're really skirting the line. 
You know Rick, they say this guy's ancient but I don't know. He's got a youthful glow in his eye. 
Who in their right mind hates magic? Forget about this guy. What a joke. 
Hey Rick, you're going to love this guy cuz he hates magic just like you. Morty I don't hate magic. I just hate, you know, magicians. 
Hey Rick, this guy'd be pretty great if our electricity went out and we could hang out with him. You're an idiot Morty. 
Oh boy, looks like we got ourselves somebody with dissociative personality disorder. 
Hey Rick, this guy's like me because if you give me an insult, I'll spin right back around and get thrown back at ya. Oh boy Morty. Well put. 
I'd go out on a limb and say this is the manliest guy in the game. 
He'll trap your ass in a nightmare, boy. Morty, I hate to break it to you but I'm already trapped in a nightmare. 
I don't know if I'd want to drink a beer with Bane. Morty, you'd have a hard time drinking beer in general. 
Geez, this guy's got some chompers on him. Like a horse face. 
Hey Rick, I don't know what makes this guy so great. If you took away his bat, what are you left with? 
You know Rick, I like this guy because he's a dog lover, you know, and I like dogs. I feel like they have souls and little personalities. 
This guy can smell weakness, Morty. You're his prime target. 
Hey Rick, what do you think this guy looks like under that bandanna? Think he's got beautiful, kissable lips under there? 
You know Morty there's only one character in this game that I really care about, and it happens to be Brewmaster. 
You know what's funny Rick, this guy's a lot like you because he drinks a lot of alcohol, and then he's got a real split personality if you catch my meaning. You can't hurt me Morty. 
Uh, yeah, somebody call 1986. We've got a guy with a rock and a rope. 
Got a reeeal porcupine-style back. For extra durable protection. Uh Morty, this guy's not a condom. 
This lady got all those spiders bursting out of all the things she kills. That will be one of the coolest things that I've ever seen. 
Beautiful Clydesdale-style feet. Yeah Morty I agree, those are some nice Clydesdale foots. 
You know Rick I like the dark and the reds. This could make a good kitchen color scheme. 
You know Morty, religion and science don't get along. That's why I'm not a fan of this guy. 
You know Morty, the only clinks I like are the ones that are in my glass of gin. 
You know what I like about this guy Morty, is that he's light. Light on his feet. No meat. 
He went through the trouble of making himself a robotic armor suit, but then he didn't bother to make it a good one. 
Geez Morty, even your dog made a better suit of armor than this guy. It's pathetic. 
Boy Rick, let me tell ya, I got hearts in my eyes over here. 
You want me to give you a minute of private time with your laptop? That's gross, Rick. 
Remember we ran into this guy on that one interdimensional asteroid. Remember? He was the really drunk one? Oh yeah, I remember that. He was wasted. 
You know Morty, you gotta be careful. He'll throw up a wall, he'll start attacking you. Forget about it. 
How come this guy's got a bunch of crap all over his face. Have a little respect, he's a shaman. 
You know, look, you're a ghost, you're a vampire, you're French. Figure it out. Pick one. 
I'm not sure which one of these two I'm supposed to be focused on: the dinosaur or the weirdo on his back. Yeah, I have a feeling it's the weirdo on his back, Morty. 
Yeah, you know this guy's real tough looking, but I'll bet he's a real dainty gentleman on the inside. 
You know, Morty, kids like dragons. I'm gonna go give this guy a thumbs up. 
Yeah, she shoots arrows. That's it. Good choice. 
Hey Rick, give me a beat. All right. She's got a brow, she's a Drow, she's a smaugh. 
You know, Rick, I really like her white hair. What is this Morty, fashion police? 
You know I'll tell you what you know sometimes the oldest weapon is the best one: rocks. You know, who would've thought. Yeah, you know rocks. You know, it's like, it's so easy. Who needs all this other stuff? You just got a bunch of rocks. 
I don't like totems. Who cares about totems? I don't like totems, okay? It's where I draw the line. 
You know Rick, I wish I had a pet that looked like this. He looks like a koala mixed with a bear or something. 
You know this guy's responsible because he's got his briefcase with him. That's not a briefcase Rick, that's a giant stapler. Either way, Morty, he's ready to work. 
Hey, anybody got a light? Ha ha! Ho ho! Rick, you're really pulling out the jokes over there. Shut up, Morty. 
Got a light? Oh! Ha ha! That one's for you, Morty, cuz you like bad jokes. 
Man, I'm confused, Rick. On one hand, she's a deer, but on the other hand she's a hell of a woman. Yeah I don't know what to do Morty, take her out to dinner, or take her out and eat her at dinner, you know what I?m saying? Venison. Yeah! Ha ha! We did it! 
You know Morty I know you like black holes, but try to keep it together over there. Yeah, I do like black holes, they're really cool. 
If you need some headlights, you could just grab his eyeballs out. 
They call him Faceless Void but he does have at least a mouth. 
Where's the passenger seat, Morty. What if this guy wanted to take someone on a date? Good luck. 
I see we got an armchair inventor over here. Not bad. 
Hey what do you know Rick. This guy built a ship just like you did out of spare parts. You guys are in the same league. This thing couldn't even leave the atmosphere, Morty. 
This looks like your gym guy at the gym who's trying to one-up- The hell would you know about a gym, Morty. Your arm's about the size of my finger. 
All you're gonna invoke is your ineptitude at your ability to handle a keyboard. 
I don't know why anybody would pick this guy. He's impossible to play. Good luck. What are you, a veteran? 
Yeah, boy, look at you mister fancy pants, picking this guy. Good luck you loser. 
What? He's just a ball that floats around. He doesn't even talk. Yeah, but you know what he does do, Rick? He helps people. 
You know Rick, this is the one character in the game I relate to the most. Why? Because nobody can understand a word he's saying? 
This guy'd be cool to have at a barbecue, because he could heat up the grill, and he could plop a few ice cubes in your drink. Couldn't have said it better myself, Morty. 
You know, I gotta say I really like the style of this guy's mask. Yeah, but you gotta wonder: what's he hiding under there. 
Hey Morty, what do you think is under that mask? I bet you just a blank nub. 
You know, this guy looks all buff and crazy, but let's be honest. Underneath that mask he probably has a nice, dainty little pixie face. 
Hey Rick, you think this guy's got a wife at home? No, obviously. That's why he's such a creep to all the female heroes. 
Of all the heroes in the game, I think you're the most like this guy. W-why? Because you have no idea how to talk to women. 
Hey Rick, where are you going? Save my seat, Morty. I hear this guy throws rum around and I'm getting a bunch of receptacles to catch it. 
Arr matey. Arr matey! 
Geez, man, what's with all these horse people in this game, huh? Yeah, I don't know Morty. Lot of horse characters, huh? 
How many horse people do you need to put into one game? Am I right? 
Damn, this guy's got so many chains he's straight gangsta. 
This guy's a life stealer, but you know what else he stole? What else Morty? My heart. 
You think it's on fire all over? You know, like all over her body? Every spot? Why do you ask, Morty? 
You know when you go to hell, the first thing they give you is a giant finger. Well, I guess he has been there then. 
Geez, Rick. I never saw anybody who liked bears so much. Really Morty? Have you ever met Bears McBearson? That guy loves bears. 
Gotta be careful with a girl who rides a panther. You know what they say about girls who are into panthers? What do they say, Morty? That they're crazy. 
Hey Rick, you think this guy could help me train my dogs? Yeah, Morty I bet he could. He looks like a real whisperer. 
Hey Rick, you think he's got those dogs house broken? I don't think so, Morty. They look pretty wild. 
Oh, this guy's got a reaaaal... Nose on him doesn't he Morty? Yeah he sure does. Got one hell of a nose. 
Hey look we got a risoceros over here. What are you talking about? A risoceros? What did you say Morty? I said risoceros, right? 
I guess this means Medusa's public domain, huh? Yeah, I think she's an old timey character from the olden days. 
It's probably a good thing that she's ugly because, you know, you're not supposed to look at her, right? Yeah, that's right Morty. You turn to stone, I believe. 
Uh oh, Morty. It's the Meeseeks of Dota 2. 
Hey Morty, this guy reminds me of you, you wanna know why? Why? Because there's five of them, and I've had five Mortys. That's canon. 
It's just her and her dog. Just her and her dog against the world, you know? Morty, clearly that's a tiger. It's not a dog. Oh, wait is that a lion? No it's a wolf. 
She's got that girl next door kind of look to her. Yeah, if the girl next door turned invisible, and rode around on a huge tiger or whatever that is. 
You know you can't have too much water, Rick. Actually Morty, that's not true. There's a thing called hyper hydration. 
Think the only reason they picked this guy is because, sub-consciously, they need to get a shower. 
Hey boy Rick, I'm getting an eye-full over here. Morty, back up. Stop looking so closely, Morty. 
Hey Rick, you think this guy raps? Because with a name like Nature's Prophet, sounds like a rapper to me. Yeah, a granola bar rapper. Whoooah. 
Gotta tell you Morty, if there's one character in this game who needs medical insurance, I think we found him. Yeah, this guy's a real mess. 
Boy this beetle's got a one-track mind, and it's all about basketball. 
Boy I hope the Knicks win this year or this guy's gonna get piiissed. 
Oh Morty, this guy's a great example of how luck is all you need in life. You don't have to be smart. 
Hey is this guy in your class at school, Morty? Hey go easy on me, Rick. I'm in a normal class, okay? 
Morty, stay behind me. He can't damage intelligent people. 
Hey Morty, is it just me or is this lady all blurry. It's all blurry on me. Nah, it's okay Rick. You got a few more drinks left in ya. 
Oh my god, Rick. That bird's on fire. He's on fire. Oh that's horrible. Oh my god, somebody needs to get in there and save him. 
Morty this is what happens when people that don't know what they're doing start messing around with portal guns. 
Hey Morty, check this guy out. Thinks he knows what he's doing messing with portals and stuff. 
Why don't they just let the faerie dragons, y'know, live their life. 
Hey Rick, did you know that there were faerie dragons? No, I never knew about that but here we have one, right here. It's a faerie dragon. 
I think I just lost my appetite, Rick. Yeah, this guy really makes you think twice about eating meat. 
Hey Morty, you know what we all have in common with Pugna? What? We all have skeletons inside of us. Every one of us. 
Geez, Rick, this lady's really crazy, you know. She's all dressed all naked and wild and stuff. Yeah, I know Morty. I got dibs. 
I like that he's comfortable wearing a dress, you know? Yeah me too Morty. I really gotta give this guy--I really gotta hand it to him. 
There's only enough room for one Rick in this game, Morty. And it's me. 
Morty, it says right here that he definitely likes to steal things. Oh great, what a Rubick. 
He certainly likes to steal things that are, you know, not his. I'm referring to the spells. 
Uh oh, we got ourselves a sand character Morty. I don't like sand Rick. I'm getting mad, Rick. Calm down, Morty. It's gonna be alright. 
I've got eremikaphobia. Google it. I'm freaking out over here. 
Oh Morty, you don't want to get locked in one of this guy's holes. You'll get a fine case of PTSD. 
Six six six Morty. Hail Satan. Ha ha ha, yeah, hail Satan. 
This guy's gonna come after your soul Morty. He's gonna come after your soul. Oh geez Rick, you gotta protect me, Rick! 
Hey Rick, you know, every game needs a shaman type, you know. You gotta have your shaman. 
Hey Morty you know why he's got those boards strapped across his ears like that? Why, Rick? Cuz he's sick of hearing your bullshit, Morty. 
I guess taping wood to yourself is better than not having any armor at all. Yeah, you said it Morty. 
Whoa Rick, check this guy out! He's got a lot going on for- Silence, Morty! 
Named after the thing I wish I could hear all the time: silence. 
Dubba lub nub doo ra ka. Wubba lubba dub dub. Yeah, you said it, Rick. 
Nubba lub dub rub. Whoa, Morty. This is a kid's game. Easy. 
I think he's trying to catch something with that angler fish nodule on his face. He's trying to catch a break, Morty. Any way he can. 
Hey Morty, you know what I like about this guy? He knows when to disappear. You could learn something from him Morty. 
Who geez, who doesn't disappear in this game? 
You know, reminds me of a pet piranha I once had Morty. His name was Roger. It's getting really specific. It's true Morty, it's a whole part of my backstory, I had a pet pirhanna named Roger. He was a good boy. 
Hey, geez Rick, why does Santa Claus have all kinds of weapons and bombs and stuff? Because he's pissed Morty. You were a bad boy this year. Santa Claus is real. 
Geez Rick, I'm not so sure about this lady. Oh, finally drawing a line in the sand Morty? 
Hey you know what you have in common with this guy, Rick? What's that Morty? You're always breaking my spirit, Rick. 
Remember when you said I couldn't fly the ship? Well you broke my spirits on that one. Sorry Morty. 
You know Morty, I gotta tell you, you could learn a lot from this character. Just be yourself, Morty. What are you talking about? 
Hey Rick, I can't understand what this guy's talking about. Yeah, Morty. I could make a device that would help me understand what he's saying, but it's beneath me. 
He kind of looks sad, you know with those downturned horns and all. Morty, never judge a book by its cover. I saw that guy at a nightclub last weekend, he was going to town. 
Oh these are my boys! Yeah! The Techies! Ho ho! 
I used to hang out with guys like these. They knew how to party. 
I don't think this guy would ever want to swap health a guy like you, if you catch my drift, oh! I'm in the prime of my life. I'm in the prime of my life, Morty. 
Man, you know Morty, if this guy could trade a couple of those tentacles for a neck, he'd really be in business. 
The last time I met somebody with this thick of a neck, uh... What? You got a punch line? No. I have a good setup though. 
Ah Tinker, we meet again. 
Me and Tinker we go way back Morty. What'd he look like before the exoskeleton? Like somebody you'd see at a bar. 
Ah, Tinker, you old bastard. You made through the Glarflorpian Wars. Been too long. 
Wow! Tinker! He finally finished that exoskeleton he was trying to build. 
Hey you know what would be cool, Rick, is if they took this guy and they put him on our front lawn. Think about how nice that would look. 
Within the hearts of tiny people lay the hearts of bigger people! Oh, color me inspired, Morty. 
This shouldn't be allowed, Rick, a giant walking, talking tree. They gotta draw the line somewhere. 
Oh, when is the government going to step in? These genetically modified Os are getting carried away. 
You know first it was a little twig, but now look at this thing. 
You know Rick, this guy probably had a nice tribe, and a bunch of tribes people. What a waste. 
I like this guy's beanie hair. You know, he's got that beanie look. Oh, are they calling it beanie hair? 
If you hang out with this guy, you're gonna sweat flavored snow cone Morty. The hell are you talking about, Rick? 
Yeah, geez, I guess every game has to have a zombie now-a-days, huh? 
I hope I don't end up like this guy, with a bunch of regrets and a giant tombstone. 
Morty, I've never seen a more original character. It's a zombie whose got a giant tombstone. And then more zombies come out of that. 
Morty if I could hire this guy as a bodyguard, I'd probably never see you again. 
How many upset spirits are in this game? Yeah, I know, there's Vengeful Spirit, there's Revenge Spirit, Angry Spirit... 
Geez Rick, this guy looks like one of those types of characters you'd see guarding a ladder in a platformer game. You know what I mean? 
Oh, it's a snake-type character. I wonder if it's poisonous. 
Oh boy there's a lot of snake people in this game. Yeah Rick but you gotta be careful because this snake's got some wings on him, know what I'm saying? 
You know Morty there's a lot of things we could say about Visage, but I think the first thing that comes to mind is... Um... His bracelets. I love those bracelets. 
Morty, where do you think he gets all those golems that he's summoning? Yeah, he's taking them away from their families and friends. No wonder they're so pissed. 
You know Morty, a lot of western civilization wouldn't want to eat this guy, but I tell ya: it's good protein. 
Geez, you know I wouldn't wanna find something like that under my mattress. That's where I keep this guy. He's under your mattress, Morty. I'm not even kidding: look. Oh my god! 
Boy I've never seen a crazy monster wear a tiara before. I guess it's his birthday. 
Morty, he may not look it but this is a real doctor. He cured me of my alcoholism. What do you talking about? You're still an alcoholic. What I mean is he made me care less about my alcoholism. 
Hey Morty, this guy's beard is making me hungry for a breakfast croissant. 
Mark Twain looks pissed! 
Geez, we got enough horse-based characters to start a whole new Kentucky Derby. 
It's hot in here. Is it just me or is it hot in here. Alright, relax Morty. 
Hey Morty, why don't we dress up like her and go to a convention. Yeah that sounds like a great idea, Rick! 
This guy loves fire, but I'll tell ya: fire's not a joke. 
If he saw me and I was all hurting and stuff, he'd save me. Where are you getting this from? 
You know Rick, I've never been a fan of characters that can create ghostly, false versions of themselves. It's not cool. 
Sometimes it takes seeing a reflection of your own self before you realize how horrible you truly are. 
Morty, this is the one guy in the game who's interdimensional, just like us. 
Hey, you know when girls say I'm looking for that tall, dark, and handsome? Well, here he is. 
That's it, Morty! Just me and skeletons from here on out. I don't even care anymore. 
Man this guy's a real top notch wizard, Morty. Tell you that much. 
Yeah, I wouldn't cosplay as this character. No way. 
You know what's cool about this guy? What Morty? Nothing. He's the worst. I don't like this one. You blew it. 
Man this guy pisses me off. I don't know why Morty. Just pisses me off. 
How many characters are in this fricken' game. This is getting to be ridiculous. 
Alright! Nice pick. 
Why would you pick this guy? He's the worst. 
You know, Morty, I wanna say a lot of things about this character, but I'm just going to zip my lip.