Welcome to Dota! 
Your turn to pick. 
Enemy's turn to pick. 
Dire team pick. 
Radiant team pick. 
Your turn to ban. 
Enemy's turn to ban. 
Dire team ban. 
Radiant team ban. 
Radiant's team is complete. 
Your team is complete. 
Dire's team is complete. 
Choose your hero. 
Reserve time. 
Extra time. 
You are using Reserve Time. 
You are using Extra Time. 
Ten seconds remaining. 
Five seconds remaining. 
Thirty seconds to battle. 
Ten seconds to battle. 
Prepare for battle! 
The battle begins! 
The battle begins! For good and all! 
Your ancient is under attack. 
Your ancient is under attack. That's not a good thing. 
Your ancient is being stabbed. 
Your defenseless ancient is being victimized! 
You might want to check out your ancient. 
Oh, your ancient isn't happy with you right now. 
See what's happening to your ancient? That means you're a loser. 
Radiant's ancient is under attack. 
Radiant's ancient is under attack. We'll see how radiant they'll be with a dead ancient. 
The Radiant's ancient is being hacked to pieces. 
Dire's ancient is under attack. 
Dire's ancient is under attack. I think there's hot lava under there. 
Dire's ancient is under attack. Agghh! Lava! 
Dire's ancient is about to blow! 
Radiant's top tower is under attack. 
Radiant's top tower is under attack. About time. 
Oh, that's not good for the Radiant. 
Radiant's middle tower is under attack. 
Radiant's middle tower is under attack. That's not gonna hold. 
The Radiant should really do something about that middle tower. 
Radiant's bottom tower is under attack. 
Radiant's bottom tower is under attack. I feel sad for them. 
The Radiant's bottom tower has seen better days. 
Dire's top tower is under attack. 
Dire's top tower is under attack. Oh that's got to hurt. 
The Dire's top tower is doing its best. But it doesn't look good. 
Dire's middle tower is under attack. 
Dire's middle tower is under attack. It has no arms to defend itself. 
Dire's middle tower is all alone in the world. Being attacked. 
Dire's bottom tower is under attack. 
Dire's bottom tower is under attack. Run, little bottom tower, run! 
By the gods, the Dire's bottom tower doesn't even have arms to defend itself. What a brave tower. 
Your top tower is under attack. 
Your top tower is under attack. Best step to it. 
Your top tower is defending itself bravely. 
Your middle tower is under attack. 
Your middle tower is under attack. How could you let that happen? 
Your middle tower is fighting for its life. 
Your bottom tower is under attack. 
Your bottom tower is under attack. Not exactly a strategic benefit. 
Your bottom tower is injured! 
Your top tower has fallen. 
Your top tower has fallen. And it can't get up. 
Your poor top tower. 
Your middle tower has fallen. 
Your middle tower has fallen on hard times. Dead times, in fact. 
You know that middle tower that used to be alive and defending itself? Well, that has changed. 
Your bottom tower has fallen. 
Your bottom tower has fallen over. 
Your bottom tower has crumbled to dust. 
Radiant's top tower has fallen. 
Radiant's top tower has fallen. Not so radiant anymore, it turns out. 
Radiant's top tower no longer radiates. 
Radiant's middle tower has fallen. 
Radiant's middle tower has fallen. As all towers someday must. 
Radiant's middle tower is no more. 
Radiant's bottom tower has fallen. 
Radiant's bottom tower has fallen. And I don't mean in love. 
Radiant's bottom tower was always the weakest tower. 
Dire's top tower has fallen. 
Dire's top tower has fallen. Twas only a matter of time. 
Dire's top tower has fallen in battle. 
Dire's middle tower has fallen. 
Dire's middle tower has fallen. Timber! 
Dire's middle tower now belongs to the ages. 
Dire's bottom tower has fallen. 
Dire's bottom tower has fallen. It was a valiant effort. 
Dire's bottom tower was never my favorite. 
The enemy's top tower has fallen. 
The enemy's top tower has fallen. Yes, that's how it's done. 
The enemy's top tower received no mercy. 
The enemy's middle tower has fallen. 
The enemy's middle tower has fallen. Death by a thousand cuts. 
The enemy's middle tower has died a noble death. 
The enemy's bottom tower has fallen. 
The enemy's bottom tower has fallen. It is not the last of its kind. 
The enemy's bottom tower has paid for its impudence. 
Your top barracks are under attack. 
Your top barracks are under attack. That sucks. 
Your top barracks are being pummelled. 
Your middle barracks are under attack. 
Your middle barracks are under attack. Those are my favorite barracks. 
Your middle barracks are not long for this world. 
Your bottom barracks are under attack. 
Your bottom barracks are under attack. This isn't going well for you. 
You know those bottom barracks of yours? They're under attack. 
Radiant's top barracks are under attack. 
Radiant's top barracks are under attack. Yes indeed. 
Radiant's top barracks are going dim. 
Radiant's middle barracks are under attack. 
Radiant's middle barracks are under attack. They should retreat. Oh wait, they don't have legs! 
It is my duty to inform you that Radiant's middle barracks are under attack. 
Radiant's bottom barracks are under attack. 
Radiant's bottom barracks are under attack. Look out, bottom barracks! 
Excuse me, were you aware that the Radiant barracks were being attacked? 
Dire's top barracks are under attack. 
Dire's top barracks are under attack. It's too perilous. 
It's a dire scenario for those top barracks. 
Dire's middle barracks are under attack. 
Dire's middle barracks are under attack. Oh shit! 
Attention, shoppers! Dire's middle barracks are under attack! 
Dire's bottom barracks are under attack. 
Dire's bottom barracks are under attack. They fight with honor. 
Dire's bottom barracks better look out! 
Your top barracks have fallen. 
Your top barracks have fallen. Tis just a flesh wound. 
Rest in pieces, top barracks, you will be remembered. 
Your middle barracks have fallen. 
Your middle barracks have fallen. You shame your family. 
Your middle barracks are no more. 
Your bottom barracks have fallen. 
Your bottom barracks have fallen. You fool! 
Oh, not good. You needed those bottom barracks. 
Radiant's top barracks have fallen. 
Radiant's top barracks have fallen to the enemy. 
Radiant's top barracks died with honor. 
Radiant's middle barracks have fallen. 
Radiant's middle barracks have fallen. And I don't mean on hard times. 
Radiant's middle barracks have been overrun. 
Radiant's bottom barracks have fallen. 
Radiant's bottom barracks have fallen. Sayonara. 
Radiant's bottom barracks have left the building. 
Dire's top barracks have fallen. 
Dire's top barracks have fallen. Let there be a moment of silence. 
The sky is falling. No wait, that's just Dire's top barracks. 
Dire's middle barracks have fallen. 
Dire's middle barracks have fallen in the line of duty. 
Dire's middle barracks... Dire's middle barracks shall be remembered. 
Dire's bottom barracks have fallen. 
Dire's bottom barracks have fallen. See ya! 
Dire's bottom barracks have fallen by the wayside. 
The enemy's top barracks have fallen. 
The enemy's top racks have fallen. You did it! 
The enemy's top barracks have been demolished. 
The enemy's middle barracks have fallen. 
The enemy's middle racks have fallen. You have much to be proud of 
The enemy's middle barracks were no match for your greatness. 
The enemy's bottom barracks have fallen. 
The enemy's bottom racks have fallen. Huzzah! 
The enemy's bottom barracks have been reduced to rubble. 
Your top tower has been denied. 
Your top tower has been denied. Smart move. 
Your top tower has made its ultimate sacrifice. 
Your middle tower has been denied. 
Your middle tower has been denied. Denial is the heart of discipline. 
Your middle tower has been sacrificed for the greater good. 
Your bottom tower has been denied. 
Your bottom tower has been denied. I hope you can live with yourself. 
Your bottom tower, long may its denial be remembered. 
The enemy's top tower has been denied. 
The enemy's top tower has been denied. Those bastards. 
The sneaky enemy has denied its own top tower. 
The enemy's middle tower has been denied. 
The enemy's middle tower has been denied. Jerks. 
The enemy killed its own tower, rather than see it fall into your hands. 
The enemy's bottom tower has been denied. 
The enemy's bottom tower has been denied. How dare they! 
The enemy's treachery knows no bounds. They denied their own tower. 
Radiant's top tower has been denied. 
Radiant's top tower has been denied. Cold blooded. 
The Radiant's top tower was killed by its own forces. 
Radiant's middle tower has been denied. 
Radiant's middle tower has been denied. May they hide their faces. 
Radiant's middle tower was killed by the Radiant. 
Radiant's bottom tower has been denied. 
Radiant's bottom tower has been denied. It was an ugly affair, I assure you. 
The Radiant have killed their own bottom tower. 
Dire's top tower has been denied. 
Dire's top tower has been denied. It was a difficult decision, I'm sure. 
Dire's top tower was a liability. It had to be silenced. 
Dire's middle tower has been denied. 
Dire's middle tower has been denied. I'm told it was a quick death. 
Dire's middle tower is no longer a liability. 
Dire's bottom tower has been denied. 
Dire's bottom tower has been denied. It never saw it coming. 
Bottom tower denied. Nicely done, Dire side. 
Dire's structures are fortified. 
Dire's structures are fortified. Just like me. 
Dire's structures are fortified. That's what the wispy glow around the tower means. 
Dire has fortified its structures. 
Radiant's structures are fortified. 
Radiant's structures are fortified. That means you can't hurt them right now. 
Radiant's structures are fortified. Don't waste time hitting them. 
Fortification in place. 
Fortified. Boo ya! 
Dire's courier has been slain. 
Dire's courier has paid the ultimate price. 
Dire's courier has been slain. What kind of monster does that? 
Dire's innocent courier has been butchered. Some animals were harmed in the making of this battle. 
Radiant's courier has been slain. 
Radiant's courier has been slaughtered. How low can you get? 
Radiant's courier has been slain. The gentle Harold, we shall never hear anymore. 
The unthinkable has happened. The Radiant's innocent courier has been slain. 
You now have megacreeps. 
The enemy now has megacreeps. 
The Dire now have megacreeps. 
The Radiant now have megacreeps. 
Roshan has fallen to the Dire! 
Roshan has fallen to the Dire! Impressive! 
I thought it couldn't be done, but Roshan has fallen to the Dire. 
Roshan has fallen to the Radiant! 
Roshan has fallen to the Radiant! A fine piece of work. 
The Radiant have carved their names in history. Roshan has fallen. 
Dire victory! 
Dire victory! And well deserved. 
Radiant victory! 
Radiant victory! An achievement for the ages. 
All Pick. 
All Random. 
Captain's Draft. 
Captains Mode. 
Random Draft. 
Single Draft. 
Death Match. 
Easy Mode.