Hey, you! Dragon Knight, over here! 
Head north, across the bridge. 
We could use your help! Our old Dire enemy Razor is attacking the outposts. Keeper of the Light already went after him. He said to send you along when you showed up. 
Whoa! Incoming creeps! Lend your sword, Dragon Knight! 
Okay, now follow us to the watchtower. There may be more enemy creeps on the way! 
Hey you gained a level. Feels good, don't it? 
Better level up Breathe Fire while you can! 
Something's coming! Quick! Cast Breathe Fire on those creeps! 
Nice. That's why you're a hero and we're just creeps. We'll hold this watchtower. Press on and find Keeper of the Light, so you can team up to fight Razor. 
Ah, Dragon Knight! A true hero! 
Greetings, my friend, and welcome to my shop! Allow me to make a few recommendations. For you I suggest a Healing Salve and perhaps, hmm, yes, a Stout Shield. I believe you have just enough gold. 
I see you've been fighting already. You should use that Salve on your wounds! 
Be careful. If you take any damage while that salve works its magic, the healing will stop. 
Buy a Clarity Potion too. It will be useful on your adventure by allowing you to regenerate mana. 
Use the Clarity and regain your mana. 
Since you ask, I spotted a fresh den of Kobolds in the woods to the south. There's a fair bounty on their heads. If you will follow me? 
Well done, sir Knight. Now, I have another item in mind for the battle before you, but you'll need to earn a bit more gold first. Roquelaire, where might our knightly friend find some lucrative work for his sword? 
That's gold aplenty Dragon Knight! Return to the Shopkeeper and let's put it to good use! 
Well done! You've earned gold aplenty and destroyed the Kobold threat. Return to the Shopkeeper and let's see about that new item! 
You're back! And with fresh coin from dispatching Kobolds. It is my pleasure to offer you the repeat-customer price on these Gauntlets of Strength. 
I have more fine items for you, Sir knight. But as before, you will need more gold. 
Ah, now if it isn't my old friend Dragon Knight! We've had ourselves a dust-up with invading creeps, so if you'll lend your sword I'll keep you supplied with mana. 
There's a Circlet in the shop to further boost your attributes. I spotted a battle to the west where we can earn enough gold to purchase that fair device. 
In battle, you must strike the Last Hit to earn gold. Too early or too late and you get nothing. 
Remember it's the killing blow that matters. You only earn gold by getting the very Last Hit. 
This way! 
This way! This way! 
Well done! You've earned enough gold for a Circlet. Let's return to the shopkeeper, shall we? 
Welcome back! This lovely Circlet will boost your attributes. Why don't you slip into it. 
You'll surely need more gear before you face Razor. I highly recommend some Bracers. Return when you've earned 190 gold and I'll show you what you need to do. 
Once more to battle, Dragon Knight! 
Last Hit! Last Hit! Remember to Last Hit! Move in mid-swing to cancel your attack and try again. Timing is everything! 
You've earned enough gold to buy your Bracers! Let us seek out the keeper once more. 
Ah the Knight returns. Now from your Circlet and Gauntlets, all you need is a recipe to craft yourself some bracers. 
Beautiful! You see your Circlet and Gauntlets have combined to create a Bracer. Your attributes are greater, and there is more space in your inventory. 
You will need one more thing to face Razor, and that's your ultimate ability, Elder Dragon Form. 
Come, ready your sword! There are more Dire creeps heading this way. Continue earning experience until you've reached level six. 
Ah level five! Well done! Now choose your Dragon Tail skill, and try it out on some creeps. It's a short ranged Stun that will make it easy for you to smite enemy Heroes. 
That did it! Level up and choose Elder Dragon Form. 
Is smell a spark in the air. Razor is coming. Use your Elder Dragon Form now to prepare for the fight! 
Razor comes! 
Well done, Dragon Knight. You have defeated Razor! 
Nicely done, Dragon Knight. Don't forget you only earn the kill bounty by getting the last hit. 
Stay behind your creeps and let them engage the enemy first. This is a good way to avoid damage. 
Let your creeps lower the enemy creep's health and then move in to get the Last Hit.